# System Message

- **Agent**: planning
- **State**: running
- **Time**: 3/27/2025, 11:39:53 AM

## System Message

Planning agent reviewed step execution: Research accommodation options in Kyoto, Nara, and Tokyo that fit the budget and are conveniently located for exploring.

## Additional Details

```json
{
  "executedStep": {
    "id": "step_2_1743055635253",
    "description": "Research accommodation options in Kyoto, Nara, and Tokyo that fit the budget and are conveniently located for exploring.",
    "assignedAgent": "browser",
    "completed": true,
    "result": "[PARTIAL_ACCESS_WARNING] The browser encountered some access restrictions but gathered partial information:\n\n\nObserved output of cmd `browser` executed:\nSuccessfully navigated to https://www.tripadvisor.in/HotelsList-Kyoto-Budget-Hotels-zfp11882399.html\n\nTitle: THE 10 BEST Budget Hotels in Kyoto 2025 (with Prices)\n\nHEADINGS:\nTHE 10 BEST Cheap Hotels in Kyoto 2025\nBudget Hotels in Kyoto\nPopular\nAwardsTravellers’ Choice Awards winners (including the “Best of the Best” title) are among the top 10% of listings on Tripadvisor, according to the reviews and opinions of travellers across the globe.\nProperty types\nAmenities\nDistance from\nNeighbourhoods\nTraveller rating\nHotel class\nStyle\nBrands\n1. Sakura Terrace The Gallery\n2. Miyako Hotel Kyoto Hachijo\n3. Sakura Terrace\n4. Hearton Hotel Kyoto\n5. The Royal Park Hotel Kyoto Sanjo\n6. Hotel Hokke Club Kyoto\n7. Hotel MyStays Kyoto Shijo\n8. Daiwa Roynet Hotel Kyoto Shijo Karasuma\n9. Dormy Inn Premium Kyoto Ekimae\n10. Daiwa Roynet Hotel Kyoto hachijoguchi\n11. Hotel Gimmond Kyoto\n12. Urban Hotel Kyoto\n13. Ibis Styles Kyoto Station\n14. Kyoto Tower Hotel\n15. Smile Hotel Kyoto Shijo\n16. Kyoto Traveler's Inn\n17. Hotel Anteroom Kyoto\n18. Hotel Vista Premio Kyoto Kawaramachi St.\n19. Super Hotel Kyoto Shijokawaramachi\n20. Toyoko Inn Kyoto Shijo-Karasuma\n21. Hanazono Kaikan\n22. Toyoko Inn Kyoto Gojo Karasuma\n23. Kyoto Itoya Hotel\n24. Super Hotel Kyoto Karasuma Gojo\n25. Hotel Chourakukan\n26. Mume\n27. Eco and Tec Kyoto\n28. Hotel Sancrane\n29. Kyoto Garden Hotel\n30. Gosho Nishi Kyoto Heian Hotel\nCheap Hotels nearby destinations\nPopular destinations for Cheap Hotels\nPopular Kyoto Categories\nCheap Hotels information\nCheap Hotels Kyoto\nCheap Hotels Prices From\nCheap Hotels Reviews\nCheap Hotels Photos\nApril 2025\nMay 2025\n\n\nMAIN TEXT:\nThis is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in India. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. Show more\n\n\nLISTS:\nBest ValueProperties ranked using exclusive Tripadvisor data, including traveller ratings, confirmed availability from our partners, prices, booking popularity and location, as well as personal user preferences and recently viewed hotels.\nTraveller RankedHighest rated hotels on Tripadvisor, based on traveller reviews.\nDistance to city centreSee properties located closest to the centre first with confirmed availability for your dates from our partners\n20241. Sakura Terrace The GalleryShow pricesEnter dates to see prices4.4 of 5 bubbles1,324 reviews#1 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"Overall, a great option for those looking for a stylish yet affordable stay in Kyoto.\"\"We had dinner in the hotel restaurant once and it was delicious and extremely cheap.\"More reviews\n2. Miyako Hotel Kyoto HachijoShow pricesEnter dates to see prices4.1 of 5 bubbles40 reviews#2 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"Very convenient location across the road from the Kyoto train station.  Very large hotel with 900+ rooms.  Quite dated and looking tired but it was clean and the rooms were an ok size.  4 restaurants on site plus a...\"\"Hotel is located within a 4min walk from Kyoto station. From my room on the 10th floor I could see the trains at the station. The room is reasonably spacious although the toilet is a little small. Staff are friendly...\"\n3. Sakura TerraceShow pricesEnter dates to see prices4.3 of 5 bubbles1,096 reviews#3 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"Pros:\n- the onsen!!!!\n- loved the free drink each evening\n- the room was spacious for Japan\n- free laundry (see more on this later haha)\n- easy check in with luggage storage\n- live music\n- next to Kyoto station and...\"\"We stayed 3 nights recently. Arrival from Kyoto Station is easy with the Subway right outside the hotel. Check in via the machine was quick. The rooms are large for Japanese standards. Enough room to work with...\"\n4. Hearton Hotel KyotoShow pricesEnter dates to see prices3.8 of 5 bubbles854 reviews#4 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"WE spent 4 nights in this hotel. It is very close to the subway. \nThe room size was good and  it was clean.\nThe bathroom size was good with a very good shower located within the bath. \nThe wifi was good. \nThere was...\"\n5. The Royal Park Hotel Kyoto SanjoShow pricesEnter dates to see prices4.4 of 5 bubbles1,858 reviews#5 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"... bar - 5/5 (alcoholic 🍺 🍷 & cocktail 🍹 🍸 included every evening, reasonable choices and good strength) *Overall Service - 4/5 Functional if you’re looking for an inexpensive hotel to rest after a long day out.\"\"This was our second visit to the hotel.  This time we had a twin room as it was bigger.  Unfortunately even though we asked the beds to be made up with double sheets and duvets this was not possible.  As last time...\"\n6. Hotel Hokke Club KyotoShow pricesEnter dates to see prices4.0 of 5 bubbles753 reviews#6 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"Great budget hotel in the center of Kyoto Station area!\"\"A great budget hotel right across KYOTO station.. !\"More reviews\n7. Hotel MyStays Kyoto ShijoShow pricesEnter dates to see prices4.1 of 5 bubbles1,542 reviews#7 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"Close to many things, including subway and Family Mart (for quick necessities, but also fresh cheap prepared food).\"\"This hotel is located in the middle of Kyoto about a 8 minute walk from the subway line that will connect you to to Kyoto Station. The hotel lobby is located on the 2nd floor which you can get to from  2 small sized...\"\n8. Daiwa Roynet Hotel Kyoto Shijo KarasumaShow pricesEnter dates to see prices4.2 of 5 bubbles708 reviews#8 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"The hotel is centrally located and near to market \nThe room was ok in size and had all basic amenities\nStayed for 2 nights and had no issue with the hotel\nStaff was good , cooperative.\nI will recommend this hotel to...\"\n9. Dormy Inn Premium Kyoto EkimaeShow pricesEnter dates to see prices4.4 of 5 bubbles705 reviews#9 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"Good service. Friendly staff.\nHave to mention the two chairs in the twin room are very hard with no support for the back. Could consider replacing these chairs, if possible. The washing machines and tumble driers...\"\n10. Daiwa Roynet Hotel Kyoto hachijoguchiShow pricesEnter dates to see prices4.3 of 5 bubbles920 reviews#10 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"Rooms where clean with all necessities provided. \nAbout 5 min away from Kyoto central station. Plenty of shops and malls close by. Staff was nice and respectful.\n\nOnly complaint is that drinking and eating in the...\"\n11. Hotel Gimmond KyotoShow pricesEnter dates to see prices3.8 of 5 bubbles663 reviews#11 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"We stayed her for 6 nights at the end of our Japan trip. Hotel is fine and our room was also of a good size. Bathroom was als of a nice size and clean.\nPublic transport (subway) is very closeby as is the Nijo...\"\n12. Urban Hotel KyotoShow pricesEnter dates to see prices3.8 of 5 bubbles465 reviews#12 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"This hotel is near the station and only two stops away from central Osaka. One of the biggest shrines is a walk away. This hotel is fine as long as you. Don’t expect big rooms they are very compact but clean. Very...\"\nBreakfast included13. Ibis Styles Kyoto StationShow pricesEnter dates to see prices4.0 of 5 bubbles1,535 reviews#13 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"The room was fantastic it is a budget accommodation but we had plenty of room to move around store multiple bags and a full sized desk to utilize, the mini fridge was more then enough to store breakfast and drinks.\"\"Comfortable bed and budget.\"More reviews\n14. Kyoto Tower HotelShow pricesEnter dates to see prices3.7 of 5 bubbles721 reviews#14 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"The breakfast is inexpensive but did have great food on offer.\"\"Cheap, convenient but not comfortable\"\n15. Smile Hotel Kyoto ShijoShow pricesEnter dates to see prices3.5 of 5 bubbles377 reviews#15 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"Stayed in the double room with small double bed for 4 nights. After a super small room in Osaka(Apa nihombashi), this room felt big and comfortable. Used bus in Kyoto, three bus stops quite near to the hotel, family...\"\n16. Kyoto Traveler's InnShow pricesEnter dates to see prices3.7 of 5 bubbles238 reviews#16 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"As I said in my earlier review of this hotel, this is a great budget hotel and a great value in an excellent quieter location of Kyoto!\"\"This is an excellent value for a Budget Hotel and along with everything else I have just written I justify as Excellent '5'.\"\n17. Hotel Anteroom KyotoShow pricesEnter dates to see prices4.5 of 5 bubbles642 reviews#17 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"京都九条駅の南、あまり京都らしくない静かな場所です。入口にゴツゴツした石が置かれています。\n開いた入口ドアの先に大きな角を持つ鹿のような像があります。1階ロビーの「アートやカルチャー」を発信する絵や置物などに工夫の跡がうかがえます。1つ1つも見て回るのも面白い。\nフロントのスタッフは客擦れしていなくて若々しい感じでした。\n部屋の鍵は慣れないとうまく抜けません。\n2階客室はシングル、天井近くを太いダクトが走ったり、壁に突起がいくつ...\"\n18. Hotel Vista Premio Kyoto Kawaramachi St.Show pricesEnter dates to see prices4.3 of 5 bubbles687 reviews#18 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"Great location for tourists. good rooms both in size and amenities. Lille bit of a walk from the train station but manageable. breakfast was average. lower floor room could be noisy during day time. Front desk staff...\"\nBreakfast included19. Super Hotel Kyoto ShijokawaramachiShow pricesEnter dates to see prices4.1 of 5 bubbles412 reviews#19 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"Super Hotel Kyoto Shijokawaramachi is conveniently located near the Kawaramachi Station, near the main shopping area in Kyoto. It is a good base if you’d like to walk around and shop, and it is not too far from the...\"\nBreakfast included20. Toyoko Inn Kyoto Shijo-KarasumaShow pricesEnter dates to see prices4.0 of 5 bubbles244 reviews#20 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"This hotel tailor mostly to budget local business and overseas leisure travelers. Most of the locations for this hotel chain are near by JR or subway stations. Price is affordable especially if you are one of the...\"\n21. Hanazono KaikanShow pricesEnter dates to see prices4.0 of 5 bubbles38 reviews#21 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\nBreakfast included22. Toyoko Inn Kyoto Gojo KarasumaShow pricesEnter dates to see prices3.7 of 5 bubbles199 reviews#22 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"This is a business hotel chain in Japan. As usual, the hotel room that I was allocated has the same design with the other outlets that I had previously stayed, thus everything is the same in the room. Sizing for the...\"\"The hotel is quiet centralized where is close to train station and bus stop. There are two coin washers and dryers on site. The staff is helpful but couldn't speak English well when we needed some direction around...\"\n23. Kyoto Itoya HotelShow pricesEnter dates to see prices4.4 of 5 bubbles426 reviews#23 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"Hotel is well located in terms of metro station and more important bus station in front of door, as we did a lot by bus in Kyoto.\nWe booked excluding breakfast and organized breakfast via supermarkets around the...\"\n24. Super Hotel Kyoto Karasuma GojoShow pricesEnter dates to see prices3.8 of 5 bubbles121 reviews#24 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"鄰近鬧區，附近是熱鬧的四条車站，交通及生活機能方便。房間空間較小，28吋行李箱無法完全打開攤平。泡溫泉是最大亮點，以低廉價格得到超值的舒適體驗。\nClose to the downtown area, near the station, convenient . Room space is small, 28-inch luggage can not be completely open flattened. Spa is...\"\"use exit #6 from subway if you have heavy luggage. Exit 6 has elevator and it 's just only 50 metres from hotel. subway Exit 8 is closer but no elevator.\n\nBus No 5 and 26 from kyoto station also drop you next to...\"\n25. Hotel ChourakukanShow pricesEnter dates to see prices4.7 of 5 bubbles46 reviews#25 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"This is an Amazing Hotel with an Amazing staff And service . Ils difficult to describe the ultimate level of services provided . This is the best place I stay so far. Room with fireplaces, Amazing views over the...\"\"The hotel is situated close to the weeping Sakura and it’s soooooo beautiful! We had an amaaaazzzing, wonderful stay in this hotel. They all are very friendly, genuine smiles everywhere. This hotel is very romantic...\"\nBreakfast included202426. MumeShow pricesEnter dates to see prices4.9 of 5 bubbles932 reviews#26 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"In July 2024 we stayed in Moon room which is quite spacious, beautifully decorated, very cozy and also is quite affordable.\"\"Amazed to find the price of the lowest cost room was within my budget, especially as it includes a delightful breakfast, endless coffees and teas, and a happy hour for free wine, beer etc. Luckily, I was able to b...\"More reviews\n27. Eco and Tec KyotoShow pricesEnter dates to see prices4.5 of 5 bubbles373 reviews#27 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"I stay at Eco + Tech everytime I travel to Kyoto, which is every couple of years.  Friendly staff, clean and comfy, and perfectly located!  Free massage chairs are a huge bonus!  We also appreciate having access to...\"\n28. Hotel SancraneShow pricesEnter dates to see prices4.0 of 5 bubbles164 reviews#28 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"This was a nice hotel. Great location, near food, friendly helpful staff, huge rooms but by gosh the beds were rock hard. My son struggled to sleep and when he did, he got a really sore back. On a positive note...\"\n29. Kyoto Garden HotelShow pricesEnter dates to see prices3.7 of 5 bubbles241 reviews#29 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"It's a bit old, but the location is amazing.  Just a few minutes from the subway station was really convenient as a base for sightseeing.  \nOne problem is without any signs on the street, first at night I passed by...\"\n30. Gosho Nishi Kyoto Heian HotelShow pricesEnter dates to see prices3.9 of 5 bubbles83 reviews#30 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"I loved the garden inside the hotel! Such a serene place! 4 stars because of the garden.\n\nWe stayed in a Japanese room with tatami beds. Very romantic as well with a view of the Palace gardens.\n\nI would've given...\"\"Very rarely do I recommend staying an extra night in. Hotel, but the Ryokan Heian In Kyoto across from the Imperial Palace is exceptional.   While our group of 6 stayed only one night, I would recommend two nights...\"\nKokaRead more\nNaraThirteen hundred years ago, Nara (then Heiju-kyu) was the imperial capital of Japan. In 2010, festivities are in the works to celebrate this ancient city's anniversary. \"Old Japan\" is still easy to spot here, from Great Buddha Hall to traditional ryokans and the serene Isuien garden. travellers rave about walking tours of Nara, particularly in the historic Naramachi merchant area.Read more\nHigashiomiRead more\nOsakaHome to nearly nine million and powering an economy that exceeds both Hong Kong's and Thailand's, Osaka packs quite a punch. The confident, stylish city is a shopping hub, with fabulous restaurants and nightlife. It's an ideal base for exploring the Kansai region: Kyoto's World Heritage Sites, Nara's temple and Koya-san's eerie graves are within 90 minutes by train. Top city attractions include the aquarium, Osaka Castle, Universal Studios Japan and the futuristic Floating Garden Observatory.Read more\nTakashimaRead more\nHashimotoRead more\nNagoyaCommerce keeps Nagoya’s downtown popping with life, but there’s more than just manufacturing to this industrial powerhouse. Nagoyans meet for plates of crisp-friend miso katsu; make weekend trips to nearby Shinto shrines; and count down the days to the city’s autumn Nagoya Festival.Read more\nKainanRead more\nAwaji-shimaRead more\nSingaporeSingapore is known as a bustling metropolis that also happens to be one of the cleanest and safest cities of its size in the world. (Just make sure you heed the local laws—something like spitting in the street might merely be considered rude in your hometown, but here, it carries a severe penalty.) You'll find historic sites like the Thian Hock Keng temple, superlative shopping (including gargantuan malls) and numerous beaches.Read more\nVaranasiThe north Indian city of Varanasi, or Benares, is regarded as sacred by Hindus, Buddhists and Jains. Situated in the fertile Ganga valley and on the banks of the Ganges, Varanasi is a place of pilgrimage for Hindus, who come to bathe in the holy river. Known as the City of Temples and a beacon of culture, Varanasi has produced many renowned writers. It’s also a centre of silk weaving, so practise haggling at the chaotic bazaar for some beautiful souvenirs. Rickshaws are the best way to get about.Read more\nNew DelhiLaid out by British architect Edwin Lutyens, the Indian capital is a striking modern metropolis. A gracious contrast to Old Delhi's winding streets, the grand avenues and stately buildings of New Delhi are rich with history and culture, from Gandhi's Delhi home (and the site of his assassination) to the tomb of Humayun, a complex of Mughal buildings reminiscent of the Taj Mahal. Chaotic traffic is best left to the locals. Negotiate a good price for taxis or travel on the new Delhi Metro.Read more\nUdaipurUdaipur, known as the Venice of the East, boasts several sparkling lakes against a backdrop of the Aravail hills. Jag Niwas and Jag Mandir, islands in Fateh Sagar Lake, are the site of Udaipur Solar Observatory and Nehru Garden. Famous palaces include the magical Lake Palace, now a luxurious five-star hotel, and the massive City Palace on Pichola’s east bank, featuring epic courtyards and stunning paintings.Read more\nPondicherryBlossoming bougainvilleas, crumbling cathedrals on leafy boulevards and 18th-century colonial buildings colour the former French colony of Pondy, which sits on the Bay of Bengal. But it's also unmistakably Indian, with colourful festivals throughout the year, several mosques and the Sri Aurobindo Ashram. Quiet beaches stretch north and south from town, good for swimming and sunrise strolls. Pondy is a popular weekend getaway destination from Chennai and is easy to navigate on foot or by bicycle.Read more\nMumbaiMumbai (formerly known as Bombay), India, is famous for its chaotic streets. For bargains and people-watching, outdoor bazaars top the list of attractions. Popular waterfront destinations are Marine Drive, where visitors go to watch the sun set over the Arabian Sea, and the carnival-like Juhu Beach. More sightseeing options are the Gandhi Museum, in the leader's former home, and the cave temples of Elephanta Island. For tranquillity, Mumbai has many religious sites, lakes and parks.Read more\nOoty (Udhagamandalam)Popularly referred to as Ooty, this gem among southern hill resorts is covered in eucalyptus and pine trees and coffee and tea plantations. On a clear day, it's possible to see as far as the Mysore plateau from Dodabetta Peak, the district's most prominent viewpoint. The Stone House, a landmark 1822 bungalow, and St. Stephen's Church are remnants of the area's first British settlement. Also noteworthy: formal botanical gardens, a children's mini-garden and a contemporary art collection.Read more\nGoaEast meets West in this sun-soaked state, where Indian culture intertwines with Portuguese influences left over from a 500-year occupation. The beaches have long served as a magnet for serene hedonists. To the north, the tourist-centric scene is prevalent, with an international flair that is now skewing more hip than hippie. Travel south for stretches of unspoiled sand and an escape from large resorts. Temples, mosques and wildlife sanctuaries provide diversions from the beach.Read more\nPrayagrajRead more\nDowntown Hotels\nHotels with Kitchenette\nHotels with Free Breakfast\nHotels with Shuttle\nBoutique Hotels\nHistoric Hotels\nUnique Hotels\nHotels with Breakfast Buffet\nHotels with Smoking Rooms\nHoneymoon Hotels\n\n\nMAIN CONTENT:\nAsiaJapanKinkiKyoto PrefectureKyotoKyoto HotelsBudget Hotels in Kyoto{\"@context\":\"http:\\u002F\\u002Fschema.org\",\"@type\":\"BreadcrumbList\",\"itemListElement\":[{\"@type\":\"ListItem\",\"position\":\"1\",\"item\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fwww.tripadvisor.in\\u002FTourism-g2-Asia-Vacations.html\",\"name\":\"Asia\"},{\"@type\":\"ListItem\",\"position\":\"2\",\"item\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fwww.tripadvisor.in\\u002FTourism-g294232-Japan-Vacations.html\",\"name\":\"Japan\"},{\"@type\":\"ListItem\",\"position\":\"3\",\"item\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fwww.tripadvisor.in\\u002FTourism-g298189-Kinki-Vacations.html\",\"name\":\"Kinki\"},{\"@type\":\"ListItem\",\"position\":\"4\",\"item\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fwww.tripadvisor.in\\u002FTourism-g298563-Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki-Vacations.html\",\"name\":\"Kyoto Prefecture\"},{\"@type\":\"ListItem\",\"position\":\"5\",\"item\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fwww.tripadvisor.in\\u002FTourism-g298564-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki-Vacations.html\",\"name\":\"Kyoto\"},{\"@type\":\"ListItem\",\"position\":\"6\",\"item\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fwww.tripadvisor.in\\u002FHotels-g298564-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki-Hotels.html\",\"name\":\"Kyoto Hotels\"},{\"@type\":\"ListItem\",\"position\":\"7\",\"name\":\"Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"}]}THE 10 BEST Cheap Hotels in Kyoto 2025{\"@context\":\"http:\\u002F\\u002Fschema.org\",\"@type\":\"FAQPage\",\"mainEntity\":[{\"@type\":\"Question\",\"name\":\"What are the best cheap hotels near Kiyomizu-dera Temple?\",\"acceptedAnswer\":{\"@type\":\"Answer\",\"text\":\"\\u003Cdiv class='faqItem'\\u003E\\u003Cdiv class='answer'\\u003ESome of the more popular cheap hotels near Kiyomizu-dera Temple include:\\u003C\\u002Fdiv\\u003E\\u003Cdiv class='hotels'\\u003E\\u003Ca href='\\u002FHotel_Review-g298564-d1547516-Reviews-Mume-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki.html'\\u003EMume\\u003C\\u002Fa\\u003E\\u003Cspan class='description'\\u003E - Traveller rating: 4.9\\u002F5\\u003C\\u002Fdiv\\u003E\\u003Cdiv class='hotels'\\u003E\\u003Ca href='\\u002FHotel_Review-g298564-d1115224-Reviews-Eco_and_Tec_Kyoto-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki.html'\\u003EEco and Tec Kyoto\\u003C\\u002Fa\\u003E\\u003Cspan class='description'\\u003E - Traveller rating: 4.5\\u002F5\\u003C\\u002Fdiv\\u003E\\u003C\\u002Fdiv\\u003E\"}},{\"@type\":\"Question\",\"name\":\"What are the best cheap hotels in Kyoto?\",\"acceptedAnswer\":{\"@type\":\"Answer\",\"text\":\"\\u003Cdiv class='faqItem'\\u003E\\u003Cdiv class='answer'\\u003ESome of the best cheap hotels in Kyoto are:\\u003C\\u002Fdiv\\u003E\\u003Cdiv class='hotels'\\u003E\\u003Ca href='\\u002FHotel_Review-g298564-d1547516-Reviews-Mume-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki.html'\\u003EMume\\u003C\\u002Fa\\u003E\\u003Cspan class='description'\\u003E - Traveller rating: 4.9\\u002F5\\u003C\\u002Fdiv\\u003E\\u003Cdiv class='hotels'\\u003E\\u003Ca href='\\u002FHotel_Review-g298564-d1115224-Reviews-Eco_and_Tec_Kyoto-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki.html'\\u003EEco and Tec Kyoto\\u003C\\u002Fa\\u003E\\u003Cspan class='description'\\u003E - Traveller rating: 4.5\\u002F5\\u003C\\u002Fdiv\\u003E\\u003Cdiv class='hotels'\\u003E\\u003Ca href='\\u002FHotel_Review-g298564-d2168940-Reviews-Hotel_Anteroom_Kyoto-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki.html'\\u003EHotel Anteroom Kyoto\\u003C\\u002Fa\\u003E\\u003Cspan class='description'\\u003E - Traveller rating: 4.5\\u002F5\\u003C\\u002Fdiv\\u003E\\u003C\\u002Fdiv\\u003E\"}},{\"@type\":\"Question\",\"name\":\"Do any cheap hotels in Kyoto offer free breakfast?\",\"acceptedAnswer\":{\"@type\":\"Answer\",\"text\":\"\\u003Cdiv class='faqItem'\\u003E\\u003Cdiv class='answer'\\u003EFree breakfast can be enjoyed at the following cheap hotels in Kyoto:\\u003C\\u002Fdiv\\u003E\\u003Cdiv class='hotels'\\u003E\\u003Ca href='\\u002FHotel_Review-g298564-d1547516-Reviews-Mume-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki.html'\\u003EMume\\u003C\\u002Fa\\u003E\\u003Cspan class='description'\\u003E - Traveller rating: 4.9\\u002F5\\u003C\\u002Fdiv\\u003E\\u003Cdiv class='hotels'\\u003E\\u003Ca href='\\u002FHotel_Review-g298564-d1480885-Reviews-Super_Hotel_Kyoto_Shijokawaramachi-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki.html'\\u003ESuper Hotel Kyoto Shijokawaramachi\\u003C\\u002Fa\\u003E\\u003Cspan class='description'\\u003E - Traveller rating: 4.1\\u002F5\\u003C\\u002Fdiv\\u003E\\u003Cdiv class='hotels'\\u003E\\u003Ca href='\\u002FHotel_Review-g298564-d1524721-Reviews-Ibis_Styles_Kyoto_Station-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki.html'\\u003EIbis Styles Kyoto Station\\u003C\\u002Fa\\u003E\\u003Cspan class='description'\\u003E - Traveller rating: 4\\u002F5\\u003C\\u002Fdiv\\u003E\\u003C\\u002Fdiv\\u003E\"}},{\"@type\":\"Question\",\"name\":\"Which cheap hotels in Kyoto have reduced mobility rooms?\",\"acceptedAnswer\":{\"@type\":\"Answer\",\"text\":\"\\u003Cdiv class='faqItem'\\u003E\\u003Cdiv class='answer'\\u003EReduced mobility rooms are available at the following cheap hotels in Kyoto:\\u003C\\u002Fdiv\\u003E\\u003Cdiv class='hotels'\\u003E\\u003Ca href='\\u002FHotel_Review-g298564-d7654587-Reviews-Sakura_Terrace_The_Gallery-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki.html'\\u003ESakura Terrace The Gallery\\u003C\\u002Fa\\u003E\\u003Cspan class='description'\\u003E - Traveller rating: 4.4\\u002F5\\u003C\\u002Fdiv\\u003E\\u003Cdiv class='hotels'\\u003E\\u003Ca href='\\u002FHotel_Review-g298564-d4131302-Reviews-Kyoto_Itoya_Hotel-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki.html'\\u003EKyoto Itoya Hotel\\u003C\\u002Fa\\u003E\\u003Cspan class='description'\\u003E - Traveller rating: 4.4\\u002F5\\u003C\\u002Fdiv\\u003E\\u003C\\u002Fdiv\\u003E\"}},{\"@type\":\"Question\",\"name\":\"Which cheap hotels in Kyoto have air conditioning?\",\"acceptedAnswer\":{\"@type\":\"Answer\",\"text\":\"\\u003Cdiv class='faqItem'\\u003E\\u003Cdiv class='answer'\\u003EHere are some popular cheap hotels in Kyoto that offer air conditioning:\\u003C\\u002Fdiv\\u003E\\u003Cdiv class='hotels'\\u003E\\u003Ca href='\\u002FHotel_Review-g298564-d1547516-Reviews-Mume-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki.html'\\u003EMume\\u003C\\u002Fa\\u003E\\u003Cspan class='description'\\u003E - Traveller rating: 4.9\\u002F5\\u003C\\u002Fdiv\\u003E\\u003Cdiv class='hotels'\\u003E\\u003Ca href='\\u002FHotel_Review-g298564-d1115224-Reviews-Eco_and_Tec_Kyoto-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki.html'\\u003EEco and Tec Kyoto\\u003C\\u002Fa\\u003E\\u003Cspan class='description'\\u003E - Traveller rating: 4.5\\u002F5\\u003C\\u002Fdiv\\u003E\\u003Cdiv class='hotels'\\u003E\\u003Ca href='\\u002FHotel_Review-g298564-d2168940-Reviews-Hotel_Anteroom_Kyoto-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki.html'\\u003EHotel Anteroom Kyoto\\u003C\\u002Fa\\u003E\\u003Cspan class='description'\\u003E - Traveller rating: 4.5\\u002F5\\u003C\\u002Fdiv\\u003E\\u003C\\u002Fdiv\\u003E\"}},{\"@type\":\"Question\",\"name\":\"Which cheap hotels in Kyoto have a restaurant on-site?\",\"acceptedAnswer\":{\"@type\":\"Answer\",\"text\":\"\\u003Cdiv class='faqItem'\\u003E\\u003Cdiv class='answer'\\u003EGuests can enjoy an on-site restaurant at these cheap hotels in Kyoto:\\u003C\\u002Fdiv\\u003E\\u003Cdiv class='hotels'\\u003E\\u003Ca href='\\u002FHotel_Review-g298564-d2168940-Reviews-Hotel_Anteroom_Kyoto-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki.html'\\u003EHotel Anteroom Kyoto\\u003C\\u002Fa\\u003E\\u003Cspan class='description'\\u003E - Traveller rating: 4.5\\u002F5\\u003C\\u002Fdiv\\u003E\\u003Cdiv class='hotels'\\u003E\\u003Ca href='\\u002FHotel_Review-g298564-d1758806-Reviews-Dormy_Inn_Premium_Kyoto_Ekimae-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki.html'\\u003EDormy Inn Premium Kyoto Ekimae\\u003C\\u002Fa\\u003E\\u003Cspan class='description'\\u003E - Traveller rating: 4.4\\u002F5\\u003C\\u002Fdiv\\u003E\\u003Cdiv class='hotels'\\u003E\\u003Ca href='\\u002FHotel_Review-g298564-d7654587-Reviews-Sakura_Terrace_The_Gallery-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki.html'\\u003ESakura Terrace The Gallery\\u003C\\u002Fa\\u003E\\u003Cspan class='description'\\u003E - Traveller rating: 4.4\\u002F5\\u003C\\u002Fdiv\\u003E\\u003C\\u002Fdiv\\u003E\"}},{\"@type\":\"Question\",\"name\":\"Which cheap hotels in Kyoto have wheelchair access?\",\"acceptedAnswer\":{\"@type\":\"Answer\",\"text\":\"\\u003Cdiv class='faqItem'\\u003E\\u003Cdiv class='answer'\\u003EWheelchair access is available at these popular cheap hotels in Kyoto:\\u003C\\u002Fdiv\\u003E\\u003Cdiv class='hotels'\\u003E\\u003Ca href='\\u002FHotel_Review-g298564-d1547516-Reviews-Mume-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki.html'\\u003EMume\\u003C\\u002Fa\\u003E\\u003Cspan class='description'\\u003E - Traveller rating: 4.9\\u002F5\\u003C\\u002Fdiv\\u003E\\u003Cdiv class='hotels'\\u003E\\u003Ca href='\\u002FHotel_Review-g298564-d2168940-Reviews-Hotel_Anteroom_Kyoto-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki.html'\\u003EHotel Anteroom Kyoto\\u003C\\u002Fa\\u003E\\u003Cspan class='description'\\u003E - Traveller rating: 4.5\\u002F5\\u003C\\u002Fdiv\\u003E\\u003Cdiv class='hotels'\\u003E\\u003Ca href='\\u002FHotel_Review-g298564-d7654587-Reviews-Sakura_Terrace_The_Gallery-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki.html'\\u003ESakura Terrace The Gallery\\u003C\\u002Fa\\u003E\\u003Cspan class='description'\\u003E - Traveller rating: 4.4\\u002F5\\u003C\\u002Fdiv\\u003E\\u003C\\u002Fdiv\\u003E\"}},{\"@type\":\"Question\",\"name\":\"Do any cheap hotels in Kyoto have laundry service?\",\"acceptedAnswer\":{\"@type\":\"Answer\",\"text\":\"\\u003Cdiv class='faqItem'\\u003E\\u003Cdiv class='answer'\\u003EHere are some popular cheap hotels in Kyoto that offer laundry service:\\u003C\\u002Fdiv\\u003E\\u003Cdiv class='hotels'\\u003E\\u003Ca href='\\u002FHotel_Review-g298564-d1547516-Reviews-Mume-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki.html'\\u003EMume\\u003C\\u002Fa\\u003E\\u003Cspan class='description'\\u003E - Traveller rating: 4.9\\u002F5\\u003C\\u002Fdiv\\u003E\\u003Cdiv class='hotels'\\u003E\\u003Ca href='\\u002FHotel_Review-g298564-d1115224-Reviews-Eco_and_Tec_Kyoto-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki.html'\\u003EEco and Tec Kyoto\\u003C\\u002Fa\\u003E\\u003Cspan class='description'\\u003E - Traveller rating: 4.5\\u002F5\\u003C\\u002Fdiv\\u003E\\u003Cdiv class='hotels'\\u003E\\u003Ca href='\\u002FHotel_Review-g298564-d2168940-Reviews-Hotel_Anteroom_Kyoto-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki.html'\\u003EHotel Anteroom Kyoto\\u003C\\u002Fa\\u003E\\u003Cspan class='description'\\u003E - Traveller rating: 4.5\\u002F5\\u003C\\u002Fdiv\\u003E\\u003C\\u002Fdiv\\u003E\"}},{\"@type\":\"Question\",\"name\":\"Which cheap hotels in Kyoto have a bar or lounge on-site?\",\"acceptedAnswer\":{\"@type\":\"Answer\",\"text\":\"\\u003Cdiv class='faqItem'\\u003E\\u003Cdiv class='answer'\\u003EThese cheap hotels in Kyoto have a bar or lounge available on the premises:\\u003C\\u002Fdiv\\u003E\\u003Cdiv class='hotels'\\u003E\\u003Ca href='\\u002FHotel_Review-g298564-d1547516-Reviews-Mume-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki.html'\\u003EMume\\u003C\\u002Fa\\u003E\\u003Cspan class='description'\\u003E - Traveller rating: 4.9\\u002F5\\u003C\\u002Fdiv\\u003E\\u003Cdiv class='hotels'\\u003E\\u003Ca href='\\u002FHotel_Review-g298564-d2168940-Reviews-Hotel_Anteroom_Kyoto-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki.html'\\u003EHotel Anteroom Kyoto\\u003C\\u002Fa\\u003E\\u003Cspan class='description'\\u003E - Traveller rating: 4.5\\u002F5\\u003C\\u002Fdiv\\u003E\\u003Cdiv class='hotels'\\u003E\\u003Ca href='\\u002FHotel_Review-g298564-d7654587-Reviews-Sakura_Terrace_The_Gallery-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki.html'\\u003ESakura Terrace The Gallery\\u003C\\u002Fa\\u003E\\u003Cspan class='description'\\u003E - Traveller rating: 4.4\\u002F5\\u003C\\u002Fdiv\\u003E\\u003C\\u002Fdiv\\u003E\"}},{\"@type\":\"Question\",\"name\":\"Do any cheap hotels in Kyoto offer room service?\",\"acceptedAnswer\":{\"@type\":\"Answer\",\"text\":\"\\u003Cdiv class='faqItem'\\u003E\\u003Cdiv class='answer'\\u003ERoom service is available at the following cheap hotels in Kyoto:\\u003C\\u002Fdiv\\u003E\\u003Cdiv class='hotels'\\u003E\\u003Ca href='\\u002FHotel_Review-g298564-d7654587-Reviews-Sakura_Terrace_The_Gallery-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki.html'\\u003ESakura Terrace The Gallery\\u003C\\u002Fa\\u003E\\u003Cspan class='description'\\u003E - Traveller rating: 4.4\\u002F5\\u003C\\u002Fdiv\\u003E\\u003Cdiv class='hotels'\\u003E\\u003Ca href='\\u002FHotel_Review-g298564-d2317992-Reviews-The_Royal_Park_Hotel_Kyoto_Sanjo-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki.html'\\u003EThe Royal Park Hotel Kyoto Sanjo\\u003C\\u002Fa\\u003E\\u003Cspan class='description'\\u003E - Traveller rating: 4.4\\u002F5\\u003C\\u002Fdiv\\u003E\\u003Cdiv class='hotels'\\u003E\\u003Ca href='\\u002FHotel_Review-g298564-d558349-Reviews-Hearton_Hotel_Kyoto-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki.html'\\u003EHearton Hotel Kyoto\\u003C\\u002Fa\\u003E\\u003Cspan class='description'\\u003E - Traveller rating: 3.8\\u002F5\\u003C\\u002Fdiv\\u003E\\u003C\\u002Fdiv\\u003E\"}}]}Budget Hotels in KyotoComfy stays at affordable prices, with plenty of options in popular neighbourhoods.Check In— / — / —Check Out— / — / —Guests1 room, 2 adults, 0 childrenView mapPopular 5 Star4.0 of 5 bubbles& upBreakfast includedLuxuryAwardsTravellers’ Choice Awards winners (including the “Best of the Best” title) are among the top 10% of listings on Tripadvisor, according to the reviews and opinions of travellers across the globe. Travellers’ Choice Best of the BestTravellers’ ChoiceProperty types HotelsSpeciality lodgingsB&Bs & InnsJapanese guest housesShow moreView Holiday RentalsAmenities Free WifiBreakfast includedPoolFree parkingShow moreDistance from 25 kmFushimi Inari-taisha ShrineKinkakuji TempleKiyomizu-dera TempleGionShow allNeighbourhoods Shimogyo-kuCity CenterSouthern KyotoNishijin DistrictShow moreTraveller rating 5.0 of 5 bubbles4.0 of 5 bubbles& up3.0 of 5 bubbles& up2.0 of 5 bubbles& upHotel class 5 Star4 Star3 Star2 StarShow moreStyle BudgetMid-rangeLuxuryFamily-friendlyShow moreBrands OYOMIMARUAPAHotel LiveMaxShow moreSortFilter • 2Map32 of 1,963 properties are available and match your filters. Clear all filtersClear all filtersSort by:Best ValueBest ValueProperties ranked using exclusive Tripadvisor data, including traveller ratings, confirmed availability from our partners, prices, booking popularity and location, as well as personal user preferences and recently viewed hotels.Traveller RankedHighest rated hotels on Tripadvisor, based on traveller reviews.Distance to city centreSee properties located closest to the centre first with confirmed availability for your dates from our partnersHotels & MotelsCheap{\"@context\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fschema.org\",\"@graph\":[{\"@type\":\"Hotel\",\"name\":\"Sakura Terrace The Gallery\",\"address\":{\"@type\":\"PostalAddress\",\"streetAddress\":\"39 Kamitonodacho Higashikujo Minami-ku\",\"addressRegion\":\"Kyoto Prefecture\",\"addressCountry\":\"Japan\",\"postalCode\":\"601-8002\"},\"telephone\":\"+81 75-672-0002\",\"url\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fwww.tripadvisor.in\\u002FHotel_Review-g298564-d7654587-Reviews-Sakura_Terrace_The_Gallery-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki.html\",\"image\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fmedia-cdn.tripadvisor.com\\u002Fmedia\\u002Fphoto-s\\u002F08\\u002F56\\u002F40\\u002F7f\\u002Fcaption.jpg\"},{\"@type\":\"Hotel\",\"name\":\"Miyako Hotel Kyoto Hachijo\",\"address\":{\"@type\":\"PostalAddress\",\"streetAddress\":\"17 Nishi Kujoin-Machi, Minami-Ku\",\"addressRegion\":\"Kyoto Prefecture\",\"addressCountry\":\"Japan\",\"postalCode\":\"601-8412\"},\"telephone\":\"+81 75-661-7111\",\"url\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fwww.tripadvisor.in\\u002FHotel_Review-g298564-d302823-Reviews-Miyako_Hotel_Kyoto_Hachijo-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki.html\",\"image\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fmedia-cdn.tripadvisor.com\\u002Fmedia\\u002Fphoto-s\\u002F28\\u002F4a\\u002F94\\u002Fec\\u002Fmiyako-hotel-kyoto-hachijo.jpg\"},{\"@type\":\"Hotel\",\"name\":\"Sakura Terrace\",\"address\":{\"@type\":\"PostalAddress\",\"streetAddress\":\"1-1 Karasumacho, Higashi-Kujo, Minami-Ku\",\"addressRegion\":\"Kyoto Prefecture\",\"addressCountry\":\"Japan\",\"postalCode\":\"601-8016\"},\"telephone\":\"+81 75-692-1112\",\"url\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fwww.tripadvisor.in\\u002FHotel_Review-g298564-d5484348-Reviews-Sakura_Terrace-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki.html\",\"image\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fmedia-cdn.tripadvisor.com\\u002Fmedia\\u002Fphoto-s\\u002F05\\u002Fc9\\u002Fcc\\u002F13\\u002Fsakura-terrace.jpg\"},{\"@type\":\"Hotel\",\"name\":\"Hearton Hotel Kyoto\",\"address\":{\"@type\":\"PostalAddress\",\"streetAddress\":\"405 Funayacho, Higashi No Toin Dori Oike Agaru, Nakagyo-Ku\",\"addressRegion\":\"Kyoto Prefecture\",\"addressCountry\":\"Japan\",\"postalCode\":\"604-0836\"},\"telephone\":\"+81 75-222-1300\",\"url\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fwww.tripadvisor.in\\u002FHotel_Review-g298564-d558349-Reviews-Hearton_Hotel_Kyoto-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki.html\",\"image\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fmedia-cdn.tripadvisor.com\\u002Fmedia\\u002Fphoto-s\\u002F0d\\u002F71\\u002Fb8\\u002Fb4\\u002Fcaption.jpg\"},{\"@type\":\"Hotel\",\"name\":\"The Royal Park Hotel Kyoto Sanjo\",\"address\":{\"@type\":\"PostalAddress\",\"streetAddress\":\"74 Nakajimacho, Higashiiru Kawaramachi Sanjodori, Nakagyo-ku\",\"addressRegion\":\"Kyoto Prefecture\",\"addressCountry\":\"Japan\",\"postalCode\":\"604-8004\"},\"telephone\":\"+81 75-241-1111\",\"url\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fwww.tripadvisor.in\\u002FHotel_Review-g298564-d2317992-Reviews-The_Royal_Park_Hotel_Kyoto_Sanjo-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki.html\",\"image\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fmedia-cdn.tripadvisor.com\\u002Fmedia\\u002Fphoto-s\\u002F18\\u002F93\\u002F71\\u002F84\\u002Fcaption.jpg\"},{\"@type\":\"Hotel\",\"name\":\"Hotel Hokke Club Kyoto\",\"address\":{\"@type\":\"PostalAddress\",\"streetAddress\":\"In Front Of Kyoto Station Karasuma Chuou Exit Sakyou-ku\",\"addressRegion\":\"Kyoto Prefecture\",\"addressCountry\":\"Japan\",\"postalCode\":\"600-8216\"},\"telephone\":\"+81 75-361-1251\",\"url\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fwww.tripadvisor.in\\u002FHotel_Review-g298564-d321363-Reviews-Hotel_Hokke_Club_Kyoto-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki.html\",\"image\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fmedia-cdn.tripadvisor.com\\u002Fmedia\\u002Fphoto-s\\u002F14\\u002F34\\u002F60\\u002F0a\\u002F30.jpg\"},{\"@type\":\"Hotel\",\"name\":\"Hotel MyStays Kyoto Shijo\",\"address\":{\"@type\":\"PostalAddress\",\"streetAddress\":\"52 Kasaboko-Cho, Shijo-Dori Aburanokoji Higashi-Iru, Shimogyo-Ku\",\"addressRegion\":\"Kyoto Prefecture\",\"addressCountry\":\"Japan\",\"postalCode\":\"600-8494\"},\"telephone\":\"+81 75-283-3939\",\"url\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fwww.tripadvisor.in\\u002FHotel_Review-g298564-d1041970-Reviews-Hotel_MyStays_Kyoto_Shijo-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki.html\",\"image\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fmedia-cdn.tripadvisor.com\\u002Fmedia\\u002Fphoto-s\\u002F14\\u002F25\\u002F3d\\u002Fd6\\u002Fcaption.jpg\"},{\"@type\":\"Hotel\",\"name\":\"Daiwa Roynet Hotel Kyoto Shijo Karasuma\",\"address\":{\"@type\":\"PostalAddress\",\"streetAddress\":\"Karasuma-dori Omandokoro-cho 678 Bukkoji-shitaru\",\"addressRegion\":\"Kyoto Prefecture\",\"addressCountry\":\"Japan\",\"postalCode\":\"600-8413\"},\"telephone\":\"+81 75-342-1166\",\"url\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fwww.tripadvisor.in\\u002FHotel_Review-g298564-d2530193-Reviews-Daiwa_Roynet_Hotel_Kyoto_Shijo_Karasuma-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki.html\",\"image\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fmedia-cdn.tripadvisor.com\\u002Fmedia\\u002Fphoto-s\\u002F04\\u002F70\\u002F42\\u002F66\\u002Fcaption.jpg\"},{\"@type\":\"Hotel\",\"name\":\"Dormy Inn Premium Kyoto Ekimae\",\"address\":{\"@type\":\"PostalAddress\",\"streetAddress\":\"558-8 Higashishiokozicho, Shimogyo-ku\",\"addressRegion\":\"Kyoto Prefecture\",\"addressCountry\":\"Japan\",\"postalCode\":\"600-8216\"},\"telephone\":\"+81 75-371-5489\",\"url\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fwww.tripadvisor.in\\u002FHotel_Review-g298564-d1758806-Reviews-Dormy_Inn_Premium_Kyoto_Ekimae-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki.html\",\"image\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fdynamic-media-cdn.tripadvisor.com\\u002Fmedia\\u002Fphoto-s\\u002F02\\u002Fb8\\u002F26\\u002F03\\u002Fcaption.jpg?w=100&h=100&s=1\"},{\"@type\":\"Hotel\",\"name\":\"Daiwa Roynet Hotel Kyoto hachijoguchi\",\"address\":{\"@type\":\"PostalAddress\",\"streetAddress\":\"9 2 Kitakarasuma Cho Higashi Kujo\",\"addressRegion\":\"Kyoto Prefecture\",\"addressCountry\":\"Japan\",\"postalCode\":\"601-8017\"},\"telephone\":\"+81 75-693-0055\",\"url\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fwww.tripadvisor.in\\u002FHotel_Review-g298564-d1872358-Reviews-Daiwa_Roynet_Hotel_Kyoto_hachijoguchi-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki.html\",\"image\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fmedia-cdn.tripadvisor.com\\u002Fmedia\\u002Fphoto-s\\u002F2e\\u002F16\\u002F33\\u002F84\\u002Fexterior.jpg\"},{\"@type\":\"Hotel\",\"name\":\"Hotel Gimmond Kyoto\",\"address\":{\"@type\":\"PostalAddress\",\"streetAddress\":\"595 Kikkoyacho Oike-Dori Takakura Nshiiru, Nakagyo-Ku\",\"addressRegion\":\"Kyoto Prefecture\",\"addressCountry\":\"Japan\",\"postalCode\":\"604-8105\"},\"telephone\":\"+81 75-221-4111\",\"url\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fwww.tripadvisor.in\\u002FHotel_Review-g298564-d321360-Reviews-Hotel_Gimmond_Kyoto-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki.html\",\"image\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fmedia-cdn.tripadvisor.com\\u002Fmedia\\u002Fphoto-s\\u002F19\\u002F50\\u002F01\\u002Fb4\\u002Fcaption.jpg\"},{\"@type\":\"Hotel\",\"name\":\"Urban Hotel Kyoto\",\"address\":{\"@type\":\"PostalAddress\",\"streetAddress\":\"4-59 Fukakusa Nishiuracho, Fushimi-Ku\",\"addressRegion\":\"Kyoto Prefecture\",\"addressCountry\":\"Japan\",\"postalCode\":\"612-0029\"},\"telephone\":\"+81 75-647-0606\",\"url\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fwww.tripadvisor.in\\u002FHotel_Review-g298564-d639822-Reviews-Urban_Hotel_Kyoto-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki.html\",\"image\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fmedia-cdn.tripadvisor.com\\u002Fmedia\\u002Fphoto-s\\u002F18\\u002F8c\\u002F17\\u002Fd1\\u002Fcaption.jpg\"},{\"@type\":\"Hotel\",\"name\":\"Ibis Styles Kyoto Station\",\"address\":{\"@type\":\"PostalAddress\",\"streetAddress\":\"47 Higashikyujyo Kamitonoda cho, Minami-ku\",\"addressRegion\":\"Kyoto Prefecture\",\"addressCountry\":\"Japan\",\"postalCode\":\"601-8002\"},\"telephone\":\"+81 75-693-8444\",\"url\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fwww.tripadvisor.in\\u002FHotel_Review-g298564-d1524721-Reviews-Ibis_Styles_Kyoto_Station-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki.html\",\"image\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fmedia-cdn.tripadvisor.com\\u002Fmedia\\u002Fphoto-s\\u002F11\\u002Fc2\\u002Fa7\\u002Fdc\\u002Fcaption.jpg\"},{\"@type\":\"Hotel\",\"name\":\"Kyoto Tower Hotel\",\"address\":{\"@type\":\"PostalAddress\",\"streetAddress\":\"721-1 Higashisokoji-cho,Shichijo, Karasuma-do,Shimogyo-ku\",\"addressRegion\":\"Kyoto Prefecture\",\"addressCountry\":\"Japan\",\"postalCode\":\"600-8216\"},\"telephone\":\"+81 75-361-7261\",\"url\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fwww.tripadvisor.in\\u002FHotel_Review-g298564-d325767-Reviews-Kyoto_Tower_Hotel-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki.html\",\"image\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fmedia-cdn.tripadvisor.com\\u002Fmedia\\u002Fphoto-s\\u002F08\\u002F28\\u002F85\\u002Ffe\\u002Fcaption.jpg\"},{\"@type\":\"Hotel\",\"name\":\"Smile Hotel Kyoto Shijo\",\"address\":{\"@type\":\"PostalAddress\",\"streetAddress\":\"59-61 Kasabokocho Shijo Nishinotoin Nishiiru, Shimogyo-Ku\",\"addressRegion\":\"Kyoto Prefecture\",\"addressCountry\":\"Japan\",\"postalCode\":\"600-8494\"},\"telephone\":\"+81 75-371-0941\",\"url\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fwww.tripadvisor.in\\u002FHotel_Review-g298564-d1071192-Reviews-Smile_Hotel_Kyoto_Shijo-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki.html\",\"image\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fmedia-cdn.tripadvisor.com\\u002Fmedia\\u002Fphoto-s\\u002F0b\\u002F67\\u002F25\\u002F77\\u002Fstreet--v12264030.jpg\"},{\"@type\":\"Hotel\",\"name\":\"Kyoto Traveler's Inn\",\"address\":{\"@type\":\"PostalAddress\",\"streetAddress\":\"91-2 Okazaki Enshojicho, Sakyo-Ku\",\"addressRegion\":\"Kyoto Prefecture\",\"addressCountry\":\"Japan\",\"postalCode\":\"606-8344\"},\"telephone\":\"+81 75-771-0225\",\"url\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fwww.tripadvisor.in\\u002FHotel_Review-g298564-d310284-Reviews-Kyoto_Traveler_s_Inn-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki.html\",\"image\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fmedia-cdn.tripadvisor.com\\u002Fmedia\\u002Fphoto-s\\u002F06\\u002F26\\u002F82\\u002Fe7\\u002Fcaption.jpg\"},{\"@type\":\"Hotel\",\"name\":\"Hotel Anteroom Kyoto\",\"address\":{\"@type\":\"PostalAddress\",\"streetAddress\":\"7 Aketacho Higashikujo, Minami-ku\",\"addressRegion\":\"Kyoto Prefecture\",\"addressCountry\":\"Japan\",\"postalCode\":\"601-8044\"},\"telephone\":\"+81 75-861-5656\",\"url\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fwww.tripadvisor.in\\u002FHotel_Review-g298564-d2168940-Reviews-Hotel_Anteroom_Kyoto-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki.html\",\"image\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fmedia-cdn.tripadvisor.com\\u002Fmedia\\u002Fphoto-s\\u002F1a\\u002F96\\u002Ffc\\u002F0e\\u002Fentrance.jpg\"},{\"@type\":\"Hotel\",\"name\":\"Hotel Vista Premio Kyoto Kawaramachi St.\",\"address\":{\"@type\":\"PostalAddress\",\"streetAddress\":\"457 Matsugaecho, Kawaramachidori Rokkaku Nishiiru, Nakagyo-Ku\",\"addressRegion\":\"Kyoto Prefecture\",\"addressCountry\":\"Japan\",\"postalCode\":\"604-8034\"},\"telephone\":\"+81 75-256-5888\",\"url\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fwww.tripadvisor.in\\u002FHotel_Review-g298564-d2163994-Reviews-Hotel_Vista_Premio_Kyoto_Kawaramachi_St-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki.html\",\"image\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fmedia-cdn.tripadvisor.com\\u002Fmedia\\u002Fphoto-s\\u002F2b\\u002Fe5\\u002F58\\u002F28\\u002Fcaption.jpg\"},{\"@type\":\"Hotel\",\"name\":\"Super Hotel Kyoto Shijokawaramachi\",\"address\":{\"@type\":\"PostalAddress\",\"streetAddress\":\"538-1 Shinkyogokudori, Nakagyo-Ku\",\"addressRegion\":\"Kyoto Prefecture\",\"addressCountry\":\"Japan\",\"postalCode\":\"604-8042\"},\"telephone\":\"+81 75-255-9000\",\"url\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fwww.tripadvisor.in\\u002FHotel_Review-g298564-d1480885-Reviews-Super_Hotel_Kyoto_Shijokawaramachi-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki.html\",\"image\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fdynamic-media-cdn.tripadvisor.com\\u002Fmedia\\u002Fphoto-s\\u002F02\\u002Fbd\\u002F37\\u002F8f\\u002Fcaption.jpg?w=100&h=100&s=1\"},{\"@type\":\"Hotel\",\"name\":\"Toyoko Inn Kyoto Shijo-Karasuma\",\"address\":{\"@type\":\"PostalAddress\",\"streetAddress\":\"28 Naginataboko-Cho, Shimogyo-Ku\",\"addressRegion\":\"Kyoto Prefecture\",\"addressCountry\":\"Japan\",\"postalCode\":\"600-8008\"},\"telephone\":\"+81 75-212-1045\",\"url\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fwww.tripadvisor.in\\u002FHotel_Review-g298564-d676053-Reviews-Toyoko_Inn_Kyoto_Shijo_Karasuma-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki.html\",\"image\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fmedia-cdn.tripadvisor.com\\u002Fmedia\\u002Fphoto-s\\u002F29\\u002Ff8\\u002Ff6\\u002F01\\u002Fcaption.jpg\"},{\"@type\":\"Hotel\",\"name\":\"Hanazono Kaikan\",\"address\":{\"@type\":\"PostalAddress\",\"streetAddress\":\"1-5 Kitamachi Kitsuji Hanazono Ukyo-ku\",\"addressRegion\":\"Kyoto Prefecture\",\"addressCountry\":\"Japan\",\"postalCode\":\"616-8034\"},\"telephone\":\"+81 75-461-6857\",\"url\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fwww.tripadvisor.in\\u002FHotel_Review-g298564-d1071180-Reviews-Hanazono_Kaikan-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki.html\",\"image\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fmedia-cdn.tripadvisor.com\\u002Fmedia\\u002Fphoto-s\\u002F07\\u002F9b\\u002F2e\\u002F73\\u002Fcaption.jpg\"},{\"@type\":\"Hotel\",\"name\":\"Toyoko Inn Kyoto Gojo Karasuma\",\"address\":{\"@type\":\"PostalAddress\",\"streetAddress\":\"393 Gojo-Karasumacho Karasumadori Matsubara Sugaru, Shimogyo-Ku\",\"addressRegion\":\"Kyoto Prefecture\",\"addressCountry\":\"Japan\",\"postalCode\":\"600-8418\"},\"telephone\":\"+81 75-344-1045\",\"url\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fwww.tripadvisor.in\\u002FHotel_Review-g298564-d1155323-Reviews-Toyoko_Inn_Kyoto_Gojo_Karasuma-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki.html\",\"image\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fmedia-cdn.tripadvisor.com\\u002Fmedia\\u002Fphoto-s\\u002F29\\u002Ff1\\u002Fb0\\u002Ffc\\u002Fcaption.jpg\"},{\"@type\":\"Hotel\",\"name\":\"Kyoto Itoya Hotel\",\"address\":{\"@type\":\"PostalAddress\",\"streetAddress\":\"712 Yakushimae-cho, Shimogyo-ku\",\"addressRegion\":\"Kyoto Prefecture\",\"addressCountry\":\"Japan\",\"postalCode\":\"600-8416\"},\"telephone\":\"+81 75-365-1221\",\"url\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fwww.tripadvisor.in\\u002FHotel_Review-g298564-d4131302-Reviews-Kyoto_Itoya_Hotel-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki.html\",\"image\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fmedia-cdn.tripadvisor.com\\u002Fmedia\\u002Fphoto-s\\u002F11\\u002Fdd\\u002F85\\u002Fab\\u002Fcaption.jpg\"},{\"@type\":\"Hotel\",\"name\":\"Super Hotel Kyoto Karasuma Gojo\",\"address\":{\"@type\":\"PostalAddress\",\"streetAddress\":\"396-3 Osakacho, Shimogyo-Ku\",\"addressRegion\":\"Kyoto Prefecture\",\"addressCountry\":\"Japan\",\"postalCode\":\"600-8177\"},\"telephone\":\"+81 75-343-9000\",\"url\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fwww.tripadvisor.in\\u002FHotel_Review-g298564-d1093299-Reviews-Super_Hotel_Kyoto_Karasuma_Gojo-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki.html\",\"image\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fdynamic-media-cdn.tripadvisor.com\\u002Fmedia\\u002Fphoto-s\\u002F02\\u002Fdc\\u002F14\\u002F34\\u002Fcaption.jpg?w=100&h=100&s=1\"},{\"@type\":\"Hotel\",\"name\":\"Hotel Chourakukan\",\"address\":{\"@type\":\"PostalAddress\",\"streetAddress\":\"604 Maruyamacho, Higashiyama-ku\",\"addressRegion\":\"Kyoto Prefecture\",\"addressCountry\":\"Japan\",\"postalCode\":\"605-0071\"},\"telephone\":\"+81 75-561-0001\",\"url\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fwww.tripadvisor.in\\u002FHotel_Review-g298564-d302821-Reviews-Hotel_Chourakukan-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki.html\",\"image\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fmedia-cdn.tripadvisor.com\\u002Fmedia\\u002Fphoto-s\\u002F05\\u002F5d\\u002Fa0\\u002Fcf\\u002Fcaption.jpg\"},{\"@type\":\"Hotel\",\"name\":\"Mume\",\"address\":{\"@type\":\"PostalAddress\",\"streetAddress\":\"261 Shinmonzen dori, Umemotocho, Higashiyama-ku\",\"addressRegion\":\"Kyoto Prefecture\",\"addressCountry\":\"Japan\",\"postalCode\":\"605-0064\"},\"telephone\":\"+81 75-525-8787\",\"url\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fwww.tripadvisor.in\\u002FHotel_Review-g298564-d1547516-Reviews-Mume-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki.html\",\"image\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fmedia-cdn.tripadvisor.com\\u002Fmedia\\u002Fphoto-s\\u002F2e\\u002F42\\u002F50\\u002Fd2\\u002Fcaption.jpg\"},{\"@type\":\"Hotel\",\"name\":\"Eco and Tec Kyoto\",\"address\":{\"@type\":\"PostalAddress\",\"streetAddress\":\"40 Awadaguchi Sanjobocho, Higashiyama-ku\",\"addressRegion\":\"Kyoto Prefecture\",\"addressCountry\":\"Japan\",\"postalCode\":\"605-0035\"},\"telephone\":\"+81 75-533-1001\",\"url\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fwww.tripadvisor.in\\u002FHotel_Review-g298564-d1115224-Reviews-Eco_and_Tec_Kyoto-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki.html\",\"image\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fdynamic-media-cdn.tripadvisor.com\\u002Fmedia\\u002Fphoto-s\\u002F02\\u002Fe9\\u002Fbe\\u002F3c\\u002Fcaption.jpg?w=100&h=100&s=1\"},{\"@type\":\"Hotel\",\"name\":\"Hotel Sancrane\",\"address\":{\"@type\":\"PostalAddress\",\"streetAddress\":\"264 Daigocho, Gojodori Muromachi Higashiiru, Shimogyo-Ku\",\"addressRegion\":\"Kyoto Prefecture\",\"addressCountry\":\"Japan\",\"postalCode\":\"600-8106\"},\"telephone\":\"+81 75-361-0650\",\"url\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fwww.tripadvisor.in\\u002FHotel_Review-g298564-d1093287-Reviews-Hotel_Sancrane-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki.html\",\"image\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fdynamic-media-cdn.tripadvisor.com\\u002Fmedia\\u002Fphoto-s\\u002F02\\u002Fbe\\u002Fc8\\u002Fba\\u002Fcaption.jpg?w=100&h=100&s=1\"},{\"@type\":\"Hotel\",\"name\":\"Kyoto Garden Hotel\",\"address\":{\"@type\":\"PostalAddress\",\"streetAddress\":\"351 Empukujicho, Nakagyo-Ku\",\"addressRegion\":\"Kyoto Prefecture\",\"addressCountry\":\"Japan\",\"postalCode\":\"604-8175\"},\"telephone\":\"+81 75-255-2000\",\"url\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fwww.tripadvisor.in\\u002FHotel_Review-g298564-d644766-Reviews-Kyoto_Garden_Hotel-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki.html\",\"image\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fdynamic-media-cdn.tripadvisor.com\\u002Fmedia\\u002Fphoto-s\\u002F03\\u002F0e\\u002Fca\\u002Fb2\\u002Fcaption.jpg?w=100&h=100&s=1\"},{\"@type\":\"Hotel\",\"name\":\"Gosho Nishi Kyoto Heian Hotel\",\"address\":{\"@type\":\"PostalAddress\",\"streetAddress\":\"Karasumadori Kamichojamachi Agaru, Kamigyo-Ku\",\"addressRegion\":\"Kyoto Prefecture\",\"addressCountry\":\"Japan\",\"postalCode\":\"602-0912\"},\"telephone\":\"+81 75-432-6181\",\"url\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fwww.tripadvisor.in\\u002FHotel_Review-g298564-d558350-Reviews-Gosho_Nishi_Kyoto_Heian_Hotel-Kyoto_Kyoto_Prefecture_Kinki.html\",\"image\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fmedia-cdn.tripadvisor.com\\u002Fmedia\\u002Fphoto-s\\u002F08\\u002Fe4\\u002F93\\u002Fcb\\u002Fstreet--v8604574.jpg\"}]}20241. Sakura Terrace The GalleryShow pricesEnter dates to see prices4.4 of 5 bubbles1,324 reviews#1 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"Overall, a great option for those looking for a stylish yet affordable stay in Kyoto.\"\"We had dinner in the hotel restaurant once and it was delicious and extremely cheap.\"More reviews2. Miyako Hotel Kyoto HachijoShow pricesEnter dates to see prices4.1 of 5 bubbles40 reviews#2 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"Very convenient location across the road from the Kyoto train station.  Very large hotel with 900+ rooms.  Quite dated and looking tired but it was clean and the rooms were an ok size.  4 restaurants on site plus a...\"\"Hotel is located within a 4min walk from Kyoto station. From my room on the 10th floor I could see the trains at the station. The room is reasonably spacious although the toilet is a little small. Staff are friendly...\"3. Sakura TerraceShow pricesEnter dates to see prices4.3 of 5 bubbles1,096 reviews#3 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"Pros:\n- the onsen!!!!\n- loved the free drink each evening\n- the room was spacious for Japan\n- free laundry (see more on this later haha)\n- easy check in with luggage storage\n- live music\n- next to Kyoto station and...\"\"We stayed 3 nights recently. Arrival from Kyoto Station is easy with the Subway right outside the hotel. Check in via the machine was quick. The rooms are large for Japanese standards. Enough room to work with...\"4. Hearton Hotel KyotoShow pricesEnter dates to see prices3.8 of 5 bubbles854 reviews#4 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"WE spent 4 nights in this hotel. It is very close to the subway. \nThe room size was good and  it was clean.\nThe bathroom size was good with a very good shower located within the bath. \nThe wifi was good. \nThere was...\"5. The Royal Park Hotel Kyoto SanjoShow pricesEnter dates to see prices4.4 of 5 bubbles1,858 reviews#5 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"... bar - 5/5 (alcoholic 🍺 🍷 & cocktail 🍹 🍸 included every evening, reasonable choices and good strength) *Overall Service - 4/5 Functional if you’re looking for an inexpensive hotel to rest after a long day out.\"\"This was our second visit to the hotel.  This time we had a twin room as it was bigger.  Unfortunately even though we asked the beds to be made up with double sheets and duvets this was not possible.  As last time...\"6. Hotel Hokke Club KyotoShow pricesEnter dates to see prices4.0 of 5 bubbles753 reviews#6 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"Great budget hotel in the center of Kyoto Station area!\"\"A great budget hotel right across KYOTO station.. !\"More reviews7. Hotel MyStays Kyoto ShijoShow pricesEnter dates to see prices4.1 of 5 bubbles1,542 reviews#7 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"Close to many things, including subway and Family Mart (for quick necessities, but also fresh cheap prepared food).\"\"This hotel is located in the middle of Kyoto about a 8 minute walk from the subway line that will connect you to to Kyoto Station. The hotel lobby is located on the 2nd floor which you can get to from  2 small sized...\"8. Daiwa Roynet Hotel Kyoto Shijo KarasumaShow pricesEnter dates to see prices4.2 of 5 bubbles708 reviews#8 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"The hotel is centrally located and near to market \nThe room was ok in size and had all basic amenities\nStayed for 2 nights and had no issue with the hotel\nStaff was good , cooperative.\nI will recommend this hotel to...\"9. Dormy Inn Premium Kyoto EkimaeShow pricesEnter dates to see prices4.4 of 5 bubbles705 reviews#9 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"Good service. Friendly staff.\nHave to mention the two chairs in the twin room are very hard with no support for the back. Could consider replacing these chairs, if possible. The washing machines and tumble driers...\"10. Daiwa Roynet Hotel Kyoto hachijoguchiShow pricesEnter dates to see prices4.3 of 5 bubbles920 reviews#10 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"Rooms where clean with all necessities provided. \nAbout 5 min away from Kyoto central station. Plenty of shops and malls close by. Staff was nice and respectful.\n\nOnly complaint is that drinking and eating in the...\"11. Hotel Gimmond KyotoShow pricesEnter dates to see prices3.8 of 5 bubbles663 reviews#11 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"We stayed her for 6 nights at the end of our Japan trip. Hotel is fine and our room was also of a good size. Bathroom was als of a nice size and clean.\nPublic transport (subway) is very closeby as is the Nijo...\"12. Urban Hotel KyotoShow pricesEnter dates to see prices3.8 of 5 bubbles465 reviews#12 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"This hotel is near the station and only two stops away from central Osaka. One of the biggest shrines is a walk away. This hotel is fine as long as you. Don’t expect big rooms they are very compact but clean. Very...\"Breakfast included13. Ibis Styles Kyoto StationShow pricesEnter dates to see prices4.0 of 5 bubbles1,535 reviews#13 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"The room was fantastic it is a budget accommodation but we had plenty of room to move around store multiple bags and a full sized desk to utilize, the mini fridge was more then enough to store breakfast and drinks.\"\"Comfortable bed and budget.\"More reviews14. Kyoto Tower HotelShow pricesEnter dates to see prices3.7 of 5 bubbles721 reviews#14 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"The breakfast is inexpensive but did have great food on offer.\"\"Cheap, convenient but not comfortable\"15. Smile Hotel Kyoto ShijoShow pricesEnter dates to see prices3.5 of 5 bubbles377 reviews#15 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"Stayed in the double room with small double bed for 4 nights. After a super small room in Osaka(Apa nihombashi), this room felt big and comfortable. Used bus in Kyoto, three bus stops quite near to the hotel, family...\"16. Kyoto Traveler's InnShow pricesEnter dates to see prices3.7 of 5 bubbles238 reviews#16 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"As I said in my earlier review of this hotel, this is a great budget hotel and a great value in an excellent quieter location of Kyoto!\"\"This is an excellent value for a Budget Hotel and along with everything else I have just written I justify as Excellent '5'.\"17. Hotel Anteroom KyotoShow pricesEnter dates to see prices4.5 of 5 bubbles642 reviews#17 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"京都九条駅の南、あまり京都らしくない静かな場所です。入口にゴツゴツした石が置かれています。\n開いた入口ドアの先に大きな角を持つ鹿のような像があります。1階ロビーの「アートやカルチャー」を発信する絵や置物などに工夫の跡がうかがえます。1つ1つも見て回るのも面白い。\nフロントのスタッフは客擦れしていなくて若々しい感じでした。\n部屋の鍵は慣れないとうまく抜けません。\n2階客室はシングル、天井近くを太いダクトが走ったり、壁に突起がいくつ...\"18. Hotel Vista Premio Kyoto Kawaramachi St.Show pricesEnter dates to see prices4.3 of 5 bubbles687 reviews#18 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"Great location for tourists. good rooms both in size and amenities. Lille bit of a walk from the train station but manageable. breakfast was average. lower floor room could be noisy during day time. Front desk staff...\"Breakfast included19. Super Hotel Kyoto ShijokawaramachiShow pricesEnter dates to see prices4.1 of 5 bubbles412 reviews#19 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"Super Hotel Kyoto Shijokawaramachi is conveniently located near the Kawaramachi Station, near the main shopping area in Kyoto. It is a good base if you’d like to walk around and shop, and it is not too far from the...\"Breakfast included20. Toyoko Inn Kyoto Shijo-KarasumaShow pricesEnter dates to see prices4.0 of 5 bubbles244 reviews#20 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"This hotel tailor mostly to budget local business and overseas leisure travelers. Most of the locations for this hotel chain are near by JR or subway stations. Price is affordable especially if you are one of the...\"21. Hanazono KaikanShow pricesEnter dates to see prices4.0 of 5 bubbles38 reviews#21 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in KyotoBreakfast included22. Toyoko Inn Kyoto Gojo KarasumaShow pricesEnter dates to see prices3.7 of 5 bubbles199 reviews#22 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"This is a business hotel chain in Japan. As usual, the hotel room that I was allocated has the same design with the other outlets that I had previously stayed, thus everything is the same in the room. Sizing for the...\"\"The hotel is quiet centralized where is close to train station and bus stop. There are two coin washers and dryers on site. The staff is helpful but couldn't speak English well when we needed some direction around...\"23. Kyoto Itoya HotelShow pricesEnter dates to see prices4.4 of 5 bubbles426 reviews#23 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"Hotel is well located in terms of metro station and more important bus station in front of door, as we did a lot by bus in Kyoto.\nWe booked excluding breakfast and organized breakfast via supermarkets around the...\"24. Super Hotel Kyoto Karasuma GojoShow pricesEnter dates to see prices3.8 of 5 bubbles121 reviews#24 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"鄰近鬧區，附近是熱鬧的四条車站，交通及生活機能方便。房間空間較小，28吋行李箱無法完全打開攤平。泡溫泉是最大亮點，以低廉價格得到超值的舒適體驗。\nClose to the downtown area, near the station, convenient . Room space is small, 28-inch luggage can not be completely open flattened. Spa is...\"\"use exit #6 from subway if you have heavy luggage. Exit 6 has elevator and it 's just only 50 metres from hotel. subway Exit 8 is closer but no elevator.\n\nBus No 5 and 26 from kyoto station also drop you next to...\"25. Hotel ChourakukanShow pricesEnter dates to see prices4.7 of 5 bubbles46 reviews#25 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"This is an Amazing Hotel with an Amazing staff And service . Ils difficult to describe the ultimate level of services provided . This is the best place I stay so far. Room with fireplaces, Amazing views over the...\"\"The hotel is situated close to the weeping Sakura and it’s soooooo beautiful! We had an amaaaazzzing, wonderful stay in this hotel. They all are very friendly, genuine smiles everywhere. This hotel is very romantic...\"Breakfast included202426. MumeShow pricesEnter dates to see prices4.9 of 5 bubbles932 reviews#26 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"In July 2024 we stayed in Moon room which is quite spacious, beautifully decorated, very cozy and also is quite affordable.\"\"Amazed to find the price of the lowest cost room was within my budget, especially as it includes a delightful breakfast, endless coffees and teas, and a happy hour for free wine, beer etc. Luckily, I was able to b...\"More reviews27. Eco and Tec KyotoShow pricesEnter dates to see prices4.5 of 5 bubbles373 reviews#27 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"I stay at Eco + Tech everytime I travel to Kyoto, which is every couple of years.  Friendly staff, clean and comfy, and perfectly located!  Free massage chairs are a huge bonus!  We also appreciate having access to...\"28. Hotel SancraneShow pricesEnter dates to see prices4.0 of 5 bubbles164 reviews#28 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"This was a nice hotel. Great location, near food, friendly helpful staff, huge rooms but by gosh the beds were rock hard. My son struggled to sleep and when he did, he got a really sore back. On a positive note...\"29. Kyoto Garden HotelShow pricesEnter dates to see prices3.7 of 5 bubbles241 reviews#29 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"It's a bit old, but the location is amazing.  Just a few minutes from the subway station was really convenient as a base for sightseeing.  \nOne problem is without any signs on the street, first at night I passed by...\"30. Gosho Nishi Kyoto Heian HotelShow pricesEnter dates to see prices3.9 of 5 bubbles83 reviews#30 Best Value of 32 Budget Hotels in Kyoto\"I loved the garden inside the hotel! Such a serene place! 4 stars because of the garden.\n\nWe stayed in a Japanese room with tatami beds. Very romantic as well with a view of the Palace gardens.\n\nI would've given...\"\"Very rarely do I recommend staying an extra night in. Hotel, but the Ryokan Heian In Kyoto across from the Imperial Palace is exceptional.   While our group of 6 stayed only one night, I would recommend two nights...\"123456…Showing results 1-30 of 3,247Forum users' pro tips for experiencing KyotoWhen planning a budget trip to Kyoto, consider staying near Kyoto Station for its convenient transportation links and variety of budget hotels. Visiting during autumn (such as late November) or spring offers pleasant weather and beautiful scenery. Additionally, budget-friendly activities include walking along Philosopher's Path, exploring Gion in the evening, and visiting free attractions like Kyoto Botanical Gardens. For affordable dining, try local izakayas in areas like Gion or discounted prepared food from supermarkets in the evening.Where to StayDr. Shibuyakko\"Staying near Kyoto Station is so convenient when you have a few day trips. Kyoto Station itself is a destination with many shops and restaurants.\"DLi_hk\"In Kyoto, consider staying near the Kyoto station, which makes it easier due to your planned day trips outside of Kyoto. There are plenty of hotels around the station.\"Janet K\"We stayed in Gion because the atmosphere of ancient Japan is what I wanted most. I loved that we could step out at night and stroll the quiet streets after most tourists were gone.\"When to GoNZGemini\"I like Nara + Osaka/Dotonbori, Takoyaki and Unagi for dinner perhaps. Will travel Autumn or Spring time.\"NZGemini\"We enjoyed our trip so much we are talking about going again for Autumn leaves in the future.\"Kohji A\"Hyatt location is definitely good access for attraction in Higashiyama area. Next door is 33 Gendoh and the other side across Higashi-Ohji street is Chishakuinn Temple. If you come to Kyoto in late November, foliage at Chishakuinn is great.\"Things to DoCoral Gardener\"Walk along Philosopher's Path from Ginkakuji to Nanzen-ji, stopping at small temples like Honen-in along the way.\"Dr. Shibuyakko\"Uji is a neat little town with the impressive Byodoin and Uji River. I also like going around the Fushimi Sake district.\"IndFamTraveler\"For garden lovers, Kyoto Botanical Gardens are a visual treat and not to be missed. The Conservatory is worth the extra ticket.\"Eat & DrinkKohji A\"Local izakayas in Kyoto offer traditional dishes like Heshiko (pickled mackerel) and ImoBow (simmered cod and shrimp potato), which are worth trying.\"Rinn_Melbourne\"In the evening, supermarkets often offer further discounts for prepared food; these are all delicious and quality meals.\"Time-For-Me-2-Fly\"We saved money by getting breakfast foods nearby and using the hotel fridge. They also have a gizmo to heat water in the room, so I was able to make oatmeal each morning too. And since it was so close to the station, we brought supper back to the room a few times, which also saved us time and money.\"Getting AroundDave148\"Consider ICOCA + Haruka offer for transportation from Kansai International Airport to Kyoto.\"Noodles\"Staying near the main JR Kyoto Station is convenient for accessing tourist areas and transportation links.\"SammyFD\"Forget the Hop-On Hop-Off bus in Kyoto. Just use the public transport system plus the occasional taxi ride.\"Cheap Hotels nearby destinationsKokaRead moreNaraThirteen hundred years ago, Nara (then Heiju-kyu) was the imperial capital of Japan. In 2010, festivities are in the works to celebrate this ancient city's anniversary. \"Old Japan\" is still easy to spot here, from Great Buddha Hall to traditional ryokans and the serene Isuien garden. travellers rave about walking tours of Nara, particularly in the historic Naramachi merchant area.Read moreHigashiomiRead moreOsakaHome to nearly nine million and powering an economy that exceeds both Hong Kong's and Thailand's, Osaka packs quite a punch. The confident, stylish city is a shopping hub, with fabulous restaurants and nightlife. It's an ideal base for exploring the Kansai region: Kyoto's World Heritage Sites, Nara's temple and Koya-san's eerie graves are within 90 minutes by train. Top city attractions include the aquarium, Osaka Castle, Universal Studios Japan and the futuristic Floating Garden Observatory.Read moreTakashimaRead moreHashimotoRead moreNagoyaCommerce keeps Nagoya’s downtown popping with life, but there’s more than just manufacturing to this industrial powerhouse. Nagoyans meet for plates of crisp-friend miso katsu; make weekend trips to nearby Shinto shrines; and count down the days to the city’s autumn Nagoya Festival.Read moreKainanRead moreAwaji-shimaRead more[{\"@context\":\"http:\\u002F\\u002Fschema.org\",\"@type\":\"LocalBusiness\",\"name\":\"Koka\",\"description\":\"\",\"url\":\"\",\"image\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fdynamic-media-cdn.tripadvisor.com\\u002Fmedia\\u002Fphoto-o\\u002F19\\u002F37\\u002Ffb\\u002F0f\\u002Fcaption.jpg?w=600&h=400&s=1\",\"address\":{\"@type\":\"PostalAddress\",\"addressCountry\":\"\",\"addressLocality\":\"\",\"addressRegion\":\"\",\"postalCode\":\"\",\"streetAddress\":\"\"}},{\"@context\":\"http:\\u002F\\u002Fschema.org\",\"@type\":\"LocalBusiness\",\"name\":\"Nara\",\"description\":\"\",\"url\":\"\",\"image\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fdynamic-media-cdn.tripadvisor.com\\u002Fmedia\\u002Fphoto-o\\u002F11\\u002F89\\u002F49\\u002F84\\u002Fcaption.jpg?w=600&h=400&s=1\",\"address\":{\"@type\":\"PostalAddress\",\"addressCountry\":\"\",\"addressLocality\":\"\",\"addressRegion\":\"\",\"postalCode\":\"\",\"streetAddress\":\"\"}},{\"@context\":\"http:\\u002F\\u002Fschema.org\",\"@type\":\"LocalBusiness\",\"name\":\"Higashiomi\",\"description\":\"\",\"url\":\"\",\"image\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fdynamic-media-cdn.tripadvisor.com\\u002Fmedia\\u002Fphoto-o\\u002F0d\\u002F9e\\u002F5f\\u002Fff\\u002Fcaption.jpg?w=600&h=400&s=1\",\"address\":{\"@type\":\"PostalAddress\",\"addressCountry\":\"\",\"addressLocality\":\"\",\"addressRegion\":\"\",\"postalCode\":\"\",\"streetAddress\":\"\"}},{\"@context\":\"http:\\u002F\\u002Fschema.org\",\"@type\":\"LocalBusiness\",\"name\":\"Osaka\",\"description\":\"\",\"url\":\"\",\"image\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fdynamic-media-cdn.tripadvisor.com\\u002Fmedia\\u002Fphoto-o\\u002F1b\\u002F33\\u002Ffe\\u002F6b\\u002Fcaption.jpg?w=600&h=400&s=1\",\"address\":{\"@type\":\"PostalAddress\",\"addressCountry\":\"\",\"addressLocality\":\"\",\"addressRegion\":\"\",\"postalCode\":\"\",\"streetAddress\":\"\"}},{\"@context\":\"http:\\u002F\\u002Fschema.org\",\"@type\":\"LocalBusiness\",\"name\":\"Takashima\",\"description\":\"\",\"url\":\"\",\"image\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fdynamic-media-cdn.tripadvisor.com\\u002Fmedia\\u002Fphoto-o\\u002F0f\\u002Fea\\u002F9b\\u002Fdc\\u002Fcaption.jpg?w=600&h=400&s=1\",\"address\":{\"@type\":\"PostalAddress\",\"addressCountry\":\"\",\"addressLocality\":\"\",\"addressRegion\":\"\",\"postalCode\":\"\",\"streetAddress\":\"\"}},{\"@context\":\"http:\\u002F\\u002Fschema.org\",\"@type\":\"LocalBusiness\",\"name\":\"Hashimoto\",\"description\":\"\",\"url\":\"\",\"image\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fdynamic-media-cdn.tripadvisor.com\\u002Fmedia\\u002Fphoto-o\\u002F0d\\u002Fd1\\u002F55\\u002F17\\u002Fcaption.jpg?w=600&h=400&s=1\",\"address\":{\"@type\":\"PostalAddress\",\"addressCountry\":\"\",\"addressLocality\":\"\",\"addressRegion\":\"\",\"postalCode\":\"\",\"streetAddress\":\"\"}},{\"@context\":\"http:\\u002F\\u002Fschema.org\",\"@type\":\"LocalBusiness\",\"name\":\"Nagoya\",\"description\":\"\",\"url\":\"\",\"image\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fdynamic-media-cdn.tripadvisor.com\\u002Fmedia\\u002Fphoto-o\\u002F10\\u002F8f\\u002F78\\u002Fd5\\u002Fphoto8jpg.jpg?w=600&h=400&s=1\",\"address\":{\"@type\":\"PostalAddress\",\"addressCountry\":\"\",\"addressLocality\":\"\",\"addressRegion\":\"\",\"postalCode\":\"\",\"streetAddress\":\"\"}},{\"@context\":\"http:\\u002F\\u002Fschema.org\",\"@type\":\"LocalBusiness\",\"name\":\"Kainan\",\"description\":\"\",\"url\":\"\",\"image\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fdynamic-media-cdn.tripadvisor.com\\u002Fmedia\\u002Fphoto-o\\u002F0f\\u002F33\\u002Fe2\\u002F81\\u002Fphoto1jpg.jpg?w=600&h=400&s=1\",\"address\":{\"@type\":\"PostalAddress\",\"addressCountry\":\"\",\"addressLocality\":\"\",\"addressRegion\":\"\",\"postalCode\":\"\",\"streetAddress\":\"\"}},{\"@context\":\"http:\\u002F\\u002Fschema.org\",\"@type\":\"LocalBusiness\",\"name\":\"Awaji-shima\",\"description\":\"\",\"url\":\"\",\"image\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fdynamic-media-cdn.tripadvisor.com\\u002Fmedia\\u002Fphoto-o\\u002F0e\\u002F93\\u002F17\\u002F1a\\u002Fphoto2jpg.jpg?w=600&h=400&s=1\",\"address\":{\"@type\":\"PostalAddress\",\"addressCountry\":\"\",\"addressLocality\":\"\",\"addressRegion\":\"\",\"postalCode\":\"\",\"streetAddress\":\"\"}}]Popular destinations for Cheap HotelsSingaporeSingapore is known as a bustling metropolis that also happens to be one of the cleanest and safest cities of its size in the world. (Just make sure you heed the local laws—something like spitting in the street might merely be considered rude in your hometown, but here, it carries a severe penalty.) You'll find historic sites like the Thian Hock Keng temple, superlative shopping (including gargantuan malls) and numerous beaches.Read moreVaranasiThe north Indian city of Varanasi, or Benares, is regarded as sacred by Hindus, Buddhists and Jains. Situated in the fertile Ganga valley and on the banks of the Ganges, Varanasi is a place of pilgrimage for Hindus, who come to bathe in the holy river. Known as the City of Temples and a beacon of culture, Varanasi has produced many renowned writers. It’s also a centre of silk weaving, so practise haggling at the chaotic bazaar for some beautiful souvenirs. Rickshaws are the best way to get about.Read moreNew DelhiLaid out by British architect Edwin Lutyens, the Indian capital is a striking modern metropolis. A gracious contrast to Old Delhi's winding streets, the grand avenues and stately buildings of New Delhi are rich with history and culture, from Gandhi's Delhi home (and the site of his assassination) to the tomb of Humayun, a complex of Mughal buildings reminiscent of the Taj Mahal. Chaotic traffic is best left to the locals. Negotiate a good price for taxis or travel on the new Delhi Metro.Read moreUdaipurUdaipur, known as the Venice of the East, boasts several sparkling lakes against a backdrop of the Aravail hills. Jag Niwas and Jag Mandir, islands in Fateh Sagar Lake, are the site of Udaipur Solar Observatory and Nehru Garden. Famous palaces include the magical Lake Palace, now a luxurious five-star hotel, and the massive City Palace on Pichola’s east bank, featuring epic courtyards and stunning paintings.Read morePondicherryBlossoming bougainvilleas, crumbling cathedrals on leafy boulevards and 18th-century colonial buildings colour the former French colony of Pondy, which sits on the Bay of Bengal. But it's also unmistakably Indian, with colourful festivals throughout the year, several mosques and the Sri Aurobindo Ashram. Quiet beaches stretch north and south from town, good for swimming and sunrise strolls. Pondy is a popular weekend getaway destination from Chennai and is easy to navigate on foot or by bicycle.Read moreMumbaiMumbai (formerly known as Bombay), India, is famous for its chaotic streets. For bargains and people-watching, outdoor bazaars top the list of attractions. Popular waterfront destinations are Marine Drive, where visitors go to watch the sun set over the Arabian Sea, and the carnival-like Juhu Beach. More sightseeing options are the Gandhi Museum, in the leader's former home, and the cave temples of Elephanta Island. For tranquillity, Mumbai has many religious sites, lakes and parks.Read moreOoty (Udhagamandalam)Popularly referred to as Ooty, this gem among southern hill resorts is covered in eucalyptus and pine trees and coffee and tea plantations. On a clear day, it's possible to see as far as the Mysore plateau from Dodabetta Peak, the district's most prominent viewpoint. The Stone House, a landmark 1822 bungalow, and St. Stephen's Church are remnants of the area's first British settlement. Also noteworthy: formal botanical gardens, a children's mini-garden and a contemporary art collection.Read moreGoaEast meets West in this sun-soaked state, where Indian culture intertwines with Portuguese influences left over from a 500-year occupation. The beaches have long served as a magnet for serene hedonists. To the north, the tourist-centric scene is prevalent, with an international flair that is now skewing more hip than hippie. Travel south for stretches of unspoiled sand and an escape from large resorts. Temples, mosques and wildlife sanctuaries provide diversions from the beach.Read morePrayagrajRead more[{\"@context\":\"http:\\u002F\\u002Fschema.org\",\"@type\":\"LocalBusiness\",\"name\":\"Singapore\",\"description\":\"\",\"url\":\"\",\"image\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fdynamic-media-cdn.tripadvisor.com\\u002Fmedia\\u002Fphoto-o\\u002F15\\u002F33\\u002Ffc\\u002Fb1\\u002Fsingapore.jpg?w=600&h=400&s=1\",\"address\":{\"@type\":\"PostalAddress\",\"addressCountry\":\"\",\"addressLocality\":\"\",\"addressRegion\":\"\",\"postalCode\":\"\",\"streetAddress\":\"\"}},{\"@context\":\"http:\\u002F\\u002Fschema.org\",\"@type\":\"LocalBusiness\",\"name\":\"Varanasi\",\"description\":\"\",\"url\":\"\",\"image\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fdynamic-media-cdn.tripadvisor.com\\u002Fmedia\\u002Fphoto-o\\u002F0a\\u002Fbe\\u002F17\\u002F41\\u002Fcaption.jpg?w=600&h=400&s=1\",\"address\":{\"@type\":\"PostalAddress\",\"addressCountry\":\"\",\"addressLocality\":\"\",\"addressRegion\":\"\",\"postalCode\":\"\",\"streetAddress\":\"\"}},{\"@context\":\"http:\\u002F\\u002Fschema.org\",\"@type\":\"LocalBusiness\",\"name\":\"New Delhi\",\"description\":\"\",\"url\":\"\",\"image\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fdynamic-media-cdn.tripadvisor.com\\u002Fmedia\\u002Fphoto-o\\u002F24\\u002F03\\u002F3f\\u002Ffd\\u002Fcaption.jpg?w=600&h=400&s=1&cx=2294&cy=1952&chk=v1_c3b28b866491ff3722ce\",\"address\":{\"@type\":\"PostalAddress\",\"addressCountry\":\"\",\"addressLocality\":\"\",\"addressRegion\":\"\",\"postalCode\":\"\",\"streetAddress\":\"\"}},{\"@context\":\"http:\\u002F\\u002Fschema.org\",\"@type\":\"LocalBusiness\",\"name\":\"Udaipur\",\"description\":\"\",\"url\":\"\",\"image\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fdynamic-media-cdn.tripadvisor.com\\u002Fmedia\\u002Fphoto-o\\u002F01\\u002Fd3\\u002F67\\u002Fe4\\u002Fsas-bahu.jpg?w=600&h=400&s=1\",\"address\":{\"@type\":\"PostalAddress\",\"addressCountry\":\"\",\"addressLocality\":\"\",\"addressRegion\":\"\",\"postalCode\":\"\",\"streetAddress\":\"\"}},{\"@context\":\"http:\\u002F\\u002Fschema.org\",\"@type\":\"LocalBusiness\",\"name\":\"Pondicherry\",\"description\":\"\",\"url\":\"\",\"image\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fdynamic-media-cdn.tripadvisor.com\\u002Fmedia\\u002Fphoto-o\\u002F11\\u002Ff4\\u002F3b\\u002F43\\u002Fboating.jpg?w=600&h=400&s=1\",\"address\":{\"@type\":\"PostalAddress\",\"addressCountry\":\"\",\"addressLocality\":\"\",\"addressRegion\":\"\",\"postalCode\":\"\",\"streetAddress\":\"\"}},{\"@context\":\"http:\\u002F\\u002Fschema.org\",\"@type\":\"LocalBusiness\",\"name\":\"Mumbai\",\"description\":\"\",\"url\":\"\",\"image\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fdynamic-media-cdn.tripadvisor.com\\u002Fmedia\\u002Fphoto-o\\u002F0b\\u002F4e\\u002F55\\u002Fe6\\u002Fchhatrapati-shivaji-terminus.jpg?w=600&h=400&s=1\",\"address\":{\"@type\":\"PostalAddress\",\"addressCountry\":\"\",\"addressLocality\":\"\",\"addressRegion\":\"\",\"postalCode\":\"\",\"streetAddress\":\"\"}},{\"@context\":\"http:\\u002F\\u002Fschema.org\",\"@type\":\"LocalBusiness\",\"name\":\"Ooty (Udhagamandalam)\",\"description\":\"\",\"url\":\"\",\"image\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fdynamic-media-cdn.tripadvisor.com\\u002Fmedia\\u002Fphoto-o\\u002F0a\\u002F84\\u002F3c\\u002Fbc\\u002Fupper-bhavani-lake.jpg?w=600&h=400&s=1\",\"address\":{\"@type\":\"PostalAddress\",\"addressCountry\":\"\",\"addressLocality\":\"\",\"addressRegion\":\"\",\"postalCode\":\"\",\"streetAddress\":\"\"}},{\"@context\":\"http:\\u002F\\u002Fschema.org\",\"@type\":\"LocalBusiness\",\"name\":\"Goa\",\"description\":\"\",\"url\":\"\",\"image\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fdynamic-media-cdn.tripadvisor.com\\u002Fmedia\\u002Fphoto-o\\u002F15\\u002F33\\u002Ffc\\u002Ff0\\u002Fgoa.jpg?w=600&h=400&s=1\",\"address\":{\"@type\":\"PostalAddress\",\"addressCountry\":\"\",\"addressLocality\":\"\",\"addressRegion\":\"\",\"postalCode\":\"\",\"streetAddress\":\"\"}},{\"@context\":\"http:\\u002F\\u002Fschema.org\",\"@type\":\"LocalBusiness\",\"name\":\"Prayagraj\",\"description\":\"\",\"url\":\"\",\"image\":\"https:\\u002F\\u002Fdynamic-media-cdn.tripadvisor.com\\u002Fmedia\\u002Fphoto-o\\u002F0f\\u002Fae\\u002Fb4\\u002F68\\u002Ffort-on-the-side.jpg?w=600&h=400&s=1\",\"address\":{\"@type\":\"PostalAddress\",\"addressCountry\":\"\",\"addressLocality\":\"\",\"addressRegion\":\"\",\"postalCode\":\"\",\"streetAddress\":\"\"}}]Popular Kyoto CategoriesDowntown HotelsHotels with KitchenetteHotels with Free BreakfastHotels with ShuttleBoutique HotelsHistoric HotelsUnique HotelsHotels with Breakfast BuffetHotels with Smoking RoomsHoneymoon HotelsCheap Hotels informationCheap Hotels Kyoto32Cheap Hotels Prices From₹3,472Cheap Hotels Reviews18,500Cheap Hotels Photos14,767Frequently Asked Questions about cheap hotelsWhat are the best cheap hotels near Kiyomizu-dera Temple?Some of the more popular cheap hotels near Kiyomizu-dera Temple include:Mume - Traveller rating: 4.9/5Eco and Tec Kyoto - Traveller rating: 4.5/5What are the best cheap hotels in Kyoto?Some of the best cheap hotels in Kyoto are:Mume - Traveller rating: 4.9/5Eco and Tec Kyoto - Traveller rating: 4.5/5Hotel Anteroom Kyoto - Traveller rating: 4.5/5Do any cheap hotels in Kyoto offer free breakfast?Free breakfast can be enjoyed at the following cheap hotels in Kyoto:Mume - Traveller rating: 4.9/5Super Hotel Kyoto Shijokawaramachi - Traveller rating: 4.1/5Ibis Styles Kyoto Station - Traveller rating: 4/5Which cheap hotels in Kyoto have reduced mobility rooms?Reduced mobility rooms are available at the following cheap hotels in Kyoto:Sakura Terrace The Gallery - Traveller rating: 4.4/5Kyoto Itoya Hotel - Traveller rating: 4.4/5Which cheap hotels in Kyoto have air conditioning?Here are some popular cheap hotels in Kyoto that offer air conditioning:Mume - Traveller rating: 4.9/5Eco and Tec Kyoto - Traveller rating: 4.5/5Hotel Anteroom Kyoto - Traveller rating: 4.5/5Which cheap hotels in Kyoto have a restaurant on-site?Guests can enjoy an on-site restaurant at these cheap hotels in Kyoto:Hotel Anteroom Kyoto - Traveller rating: 4.5/5Dormy Inn Premium Kyoto Ekimae - Traveller rating: 4.4/5Sakura Terrace The Gallery - Traveller rating: 4.4/5Which cheap hotels in Kyoto have wheelchair access?Wheelchair access is available at these popular cheap hotels in Kyoto:Mume - Traveller rating: 4.9/5Hotel Anteroom Kyoto - Traveller rating: 4.5/5Sakura Terrace The Gallery - Traveller rating: 4.4/5Do any cheap hotels in Kyoto have laundry service?Here are some popular cheap hotels in Kyoto that offer laundry service:Mume - Traveller rating: 4.9/5Eco and Tec Kyoto - Traveller rating: 4.5/5Hotel Anteroom Kyoto - Traveller rating: 4.5/5Which cheap hotels in Kyoto have a bar or lounge on-site?These cheap hotels in Kyoto have a bar or lounge available on the premises:Mume - Traveller rating: 4.9/5Hotel Anteroom Kyoto - Traveller rating: 4.5/5Sakura Terrace The Gallery - Traveller rating: 4.4/5Do any cheap hotels in Kyoto offer room service?Room service is available at the following cheap hotels in Kyoto:Sakura Terrace The Gallery - Traveller rating: 4.4/5The Royal Park Hotel Kyoto Sanjo - Traveller rating: 4.4/5Hearton Hotel Kyoto - Traveller rating: 3.8/5\n\nObserved output of cmd `browser` executed:\nSuccessfully navigated to https://www.expedia.co.in/Kyoto-Hotels-Budget-Hotels.0-0-d6131486-tBudgetHotels.Travel-Guide-Filter-Hotels\n\nTitle: TOP Cheap Hotels in Kyoto for 2025 | Expedia.co.in\n\nHEADINGS:\nMembers save 10% or more on over 100,000 hotels worldwide when you’re signed in\nSearch Cheap Hotels in Kyoto\nChoose dates to view prices\nMarch 2025\nApril 2025\nPlan, book, stay with confidence\nCheck availability on Kyoto Cheap Hotels\nTop Kyoto Cheap Hotels\nFind out more about Kyoto\nFind out more about Kyoto\nKyoto Hotel Reviews\nKyoto Hotel Reviews\nMiyako Hotel Kyoto Hachijo\nThe Royal Park Hotel Kyoto Sanjo\nRIHGA Royal Hotel Kyoto\nKyoto Brighton Hotel\nExplore a world of travel with Expedia\nExplore a world of travel with Expedia\nFrequently asked questions\n\n\nLISTS:\nExpedia.co.in\nCheap Hotels\nJapan\nKyoto Prefecture\nCheap Hotels in Kyoto\nPlan, book, stay with confidence\nExplore a world of travel with Expedia\n\nObserved output of cmd `browser` executed:\nSuccessfully navigated to https://www.booking.com/budget/city/jp/kyoto.html\n\nTitle: The 10 best cheap hotels in Kyoto, Japan | Booking.com\n\nHEADINGS:\nCheap hotels in Kyoto\nFind the cheap hotels that appeal to you the most\nMarch 2025\nApril 2025\nThe best cheap hotels in Kyoto\nFilter by:\nReview score\nHotel Vischio Kyoto by GRANVIA\nThe Royal Park Hotel Kyoto Umekoji\nPiece Hostel Kyoto\nPiece Hostel Sanjo\nHotel Traveltine Kyoto Kiyamachi\ninsomnia KYOTO OIKE\nKABIN Taka\nKABIN Kyoto\nDusit Thani Kyoto\nASAI Kyoto Shijo\nMost booked cheap hotels in Kyoto this month\nThe Royal Park Hotel Kyoto Umekoji\nTravelodge Kyoto Shijo Kawaramachi\nAPA Hotel Kyoto Eki Horikawadori\nWise Owl Hostels Kyoto\nPiece Hostel Sanjo\nGlansit Kyoto Kawaramachi\nKyomachiya Ryokan Sakura Urushitei\nAgora Kyoto Karasuma\nKyoto Plaza Hotel Kintetsu Jujo\nTHE POCKET HOTEL Kyoto Karasuma Gojo\nEnjoy breakfast in Kyoto!\nDusit Thani Kyoto\nASAI Kyoto Shijo\nTHE GENERAL KYOTO Shijou Shinmachi\nALA HOTEL KYOTO\nKyoto Umekoji Kadensho\nKAYA Kyoto Nijo Castle, BW Signature Collection by Best Western\nNOHGA HOTEL KIYOMIZU KYOTO\nThe Royal Park Hotel Iconic Kyoto\nGreat access to the city center! Check these cheap hotels in Kyoto\nKyoto - Hotel - Vacation STAY 84499\nDesign Hotel Kyoto Fuyacho - Vacation STAY 65938v\nnol kyoto sanjo - Vacation STAY 97692v\nGion Shirakawa - Vacation STAY 24771v\ntamao-たま靑-\nMIMARU SUITES KYOTO CENTRAL\nHotel Toin Kyoto\nMiru Kyoto Gion\nHotel Chourakukan Kyoto Gion 長楽館 京都\nGenji Kyoto, a Member of Design Hotels\nKyoto Kiyomizu Machiya NAGOMI\nHOTEL VMG RESORT KYOTO\nMIMARU SUITES Kyoto Shijo\nHotel Gion Ichirin\nスイートステイ京都 Suite Stay Kyoto\nTabist kiki HOTEL KYOTO Gojo Karasuma\nHIDEOUT\nTHE GENERAL KYOTO Bukkouji Shinmachi\nMIMARU Kyoto Nijo Castle\nHomm Stay Nagi Sanjo Kyoto By Banyan Group\nhotel anddoggy Kyoto Nijo\nKOKO HOTEL Residence Kyoto Nijo Castle\nHomm Stay Nagi Shijo Kyoto By Banyan Group\nTabist GROOVE KYOTO OKOSHIYASU\nTHE BLOSSOM KYOTO\nSaju Kyoto 茶住 京都\nRichmond Hotel Premier Kyoto Shijo\nKABIN Taka\nStay connected in Kyoto! Cheap hotels with free Wifi\nHotel Traveltine Kyoto Kiyamachi\ninsomnia KYOTO OIKE\nKABIN Kyoto\nGion Elite Terrace\nRinn Gion Shirakawa\nHotel Forza Kyoto Shijo Kawaramachi\nThe Royal Park Hotel Kyoto Umekoji\nHotel Vischio Kyoto by GRANVIA\nFAQ about cheap hotels in Kyoto\nHow much does it cost to stay at a cheap hotel in Kyoto?\nHow much is a cheap hotel in Kyoto for this weekend?\nHow much would a cheap hotel in Kyoto cost tonight?\nWhich cheap hotels in Kyoto are good for families?\nWhat are the best cheap hotels in Kyoto near Kiyomizu-dera Temple?\nWhat are some of the best cheap hotels for stays in Kyoto?\nWhich cheap hotels in Kyoto offer great breakfasts?\nWhich cheap hotels in Kyoto are good for couples?\nWhat cheap hotels in Kyoto have nice views?\nCheap hotels that guests love in Kyoto\nJP INN Kyotoeki Kita Gakurincho\nTUNE STAY KYOTO\nKyoto Higashiyamaso\nB&B Unagi Inn\nShizutetsu Hotel Prezio Kyoto Shijo\nMIMARU Kyoto Kawaramachi Gojo\nJP INN Kyoto Ekimae Mongakucho\nTUNE STAY KYOTO\nRAK KIYOMIZU - 1人旅専用hostel\nM's Hotel Kyoto Station Taruya\nResearch, refine, and make plans for your whole trip\nVerified reviews from real guests.\nHow does it work?\nIt starts with a booking\nFollowed by a trip\nAnd finally, a review\n\n\nMAIN TEXT:\nCheck out our selection of great cheap hotels in Kyoto\nAttractively set in the center of Kyoto, Hotel Vischio Kyoto by GRANVIA has air-conditioned rooms, a fitness center, free WiFi and a shared lounge.\nIdeally set in the Shimogyo Ward district of Kyoto, The Royal Park Hotel Kyoto Umekoji is located a 18-minute walk from TKP Garden City Kyoto, 1.7 miles from Sanjusangen-do Temple and 1.8 miles from...\nOpened in April 2013 with brand new facilities, Piece Hostel Kyoto is conveniently located just a 5-minute walk from JR Kyoto Station.\nPiece Hostel Sanjo offers private and dormitory rooms in the heart of Kyoto.\nAttractively set in the Shimogyo Ward district of Kyoto, Hotel Traveltine Kyoto Kiyamachi is located a 12-minute walk from Kyoto Shigaku Kaikan Conference Hall, one mile from Samurai Kembu Kyoto and...\nAttractively located in the Nakagyo Ward district of Kyoto, insomnia KYOTO OIKE is located a 14-minute walk from Kyoto Shigaku Kaikan Conference Hall, 0.9 miles from Nijo Castle and 1.1 miles from...\nIn a prime location in Kyoto, KABIN Taka provides air-conditioned rooms, a fitness center, free WiFi and a garden. This 4-star hotel offers luggage storage space.\nConveniently located in Kyoto, KABIN Kyoto provides air-conditioned rooms, a terrace, free WiFi and a restaurant. This 4-star hotel offers a bar.\nConveniently set in the center of Kyoto, Dusit Thani Kyoto provides air-conditioned rooms, a fitness center, free WiFi and a garden.\nIn a prime location in the center of Kyoto, ASAI Kyoto Shijo provides air-conditioned rooms, a restaurant, free WiFi and a bar.\nPopular with guests booking cheap hotels in Kyoto\nPopular with guests booking cheap hotels in Kyoto\nPopular with guests booking cheap hotels in Kyoto\nPopular with guests booking cheap hotels in Kyoto\nPopular with guests booking cheap hotels in Kyoto\nPopular with guests booking cheap hotels in Kyoto\nPopular with guests booking cheap hotels in Kyoto\nPopular with guests booking cheap hotels in Kyoto\nPopular with guests booking cheap hotels in Kyoto\nPopular with guests booking cheap hotels in Kyoto\nConveniently set in Kyoto, Dusit Thani Kyoto provides air-conditioned rooms, a fitness centre, free WiFi and a garden.\nWell situated in Kyoto, ASAI Kyoto Shijo offers air-conditioned rooms, a restaurant, free WiFi and a bar.\nAttractively situated in Kyoto, THE GENERAL KYOTO Shijou Shinmachi features an American breakfast and free WiFi throughout the property. This 4-star hotel offers room service and a 24-hour front desk.\nIdeally situated in the centre of Kyoto, ALA HOTEL KYOTO features air-conditioned rooms, a fitness centre, free WiFi and a restaurant.\nIn a prime location in the centre of Kyoto, Kyoto Umekoji Kadensho is within 1.7 km of Kyoto Station and 1.8 km of TKP Garden City Kyoto.\nFeaturing a fitness centre, a restaurant as well as a bar, KAYA Kyoto Nijo Castle, BW Signature Collection by Best Western is located in the centre of Kyoto, 700 metres from Nijo Castle.\nIn a prime location in the Higashiyama Ward district of Kyoto, NOHGA HOTEL KIYOMIZU KYOTO is located 1.1 km from Kiyomizu-dera Temple, 1.1 km from Sanjusangen-do Temple and 1.3 km from Gion Shijo...\nAttractively situated in the centre of Kyoto, The Royal Park Hotel Iconic Kyoto features air-conditioned rooms, a shared lounge, free WiFi and a restaurant. This 5-star hotel offers a bar.\nLocated in Kyoto, within 1.4 km of Kyoto Shigaku Kaikan Conference Hall and 1.6 km of Kyoto International Manga Museum, Kyoto - Hotel - Vacation STAY 84499 provides accommodation with free WiFi...\nSituated in the centre of Kyoto, less than 1 km from Gion Shijo Station, Design Hotel Kyoto Fuyacho - Vacation STAY 65938v features air-conditioned rooms and free WiFi.\nLocated in the centre of Kyoto, 600 metres from Kyoto International Manga Museum, nol kyoto sanjo - Vacation STAY 97692v provides air-conditioned rooms and free WiFi.\nLocated within 500 metres of Samurai Kembu Kyoto and 500 metres of Shoren-in Temple, Gion Shirakawa - Vacation STAY 24771v provides rooms with air conditioning and a private bathroom in Kyoto.\nLocated in Kyoto, 600 metres from Kyoto Shigaku Kaikan Conference Hall, tamao-たま靑- provides accommodation with a fitness centre, private parking, a garden and a shared lounge.\nWell situated in the Nakagyo Ward district of Kyoto, MIMARU SUITES Kyoto Central is set 1.5 km from Nijo Castle, 1.2 km from Kyoto Shigaku Kaikan Conference Hall and 1.8 km from Samurai Kembu Kyoto.\nSituated conveniently in the centre of Kyoto, Hotel Toin Kyoto offers Asian breakfast and free WiFi throughout the property. This 3-star hotel offers luggage storage space.\nFeaturing free WiFi throughout the property, Miru Kyoto Gion is located in Kyoto, 300 metres from Gion Shijo Station and 1.2 km from Shoren-in Temple.\nSituated in Kyoto, less than 1 km from Gion Shijo Station, Hotel Chourakukan Kyoto Gion 長楽館 京都 features accommodation with a shared lounge, private parking, a restaurant and a bar.\nGenji Kyoto, a Member of Design Hotels features free bikes, garden, a shared lounge and terrace in Kyoto.\nSet in Kyoto, within less than 1 km of Kiyomizu-dera Temple and a 15-minute walk of Gion Shijo Station, Kyoto Kiyomizu Machiya NAGOMI offers a terrace.\nConveniently situated in the Higashiyama Ward district of Kyoto, HOTEL VMG RESORT KYOTO is set 1 km from Kiyomizu-dera Temple, 1.4 km from Samurai Kembu Kyoto and less than 1 km from Shoren-in Temple.\nLocated in the Shimogyo Ward district in Kyoto, MIMARU SUITES Kyoto Shijo offers 4-star rooms with free WiFi.\nSet in Kyoto and within 800 metres of Gion Shijo Station, Hotel Gion Ichirin has a shared lounge, non-smoking rooms, and free WiFi throughout the property.\nIdeally set in the Higashiyama Ward district of Kyoto, スイートステイ京都 Suite Stay Kyoto is situated 1 km from Samurai Kembu Kyoto, 1.2 km from Heian Shrine and 1.4 km from Eikan-do Zenrin-ji Temple.\nSituated in the Shimogyo Ward district in Kyoto, Tabist kiki HOTEL KYOTO Gojo Karasuma offers 3-star rooms with free WiFi.\nLocated in Kyoto and with TKP Garden City Kyoto reachable within 500 metres, HIDEOUT provides concierge services, non-smoking rooms, a shared lounge, free WiFi throughout the property and a bar.\nAttractively set in Kyoto, THE GENERAL KYOTO Bukkouji Shinmachi features air-conditioned rooms, a shared lounge and free WiFi. This 4-star hotel offers a 24-hour front desk and a concierge service.\nSet in Kyoto within 1.3 km of Kyoto Shigaku Kaikan Conference Hall and 1.4 km of Nijo Castle, MIMARU Kyoto Nijo Castle offers rooms with free WiFi.\nSituated conveniently in the Nakagyo Ward district of Kyoto, Homm Stay Nagi Sanjo Kyoto By Banyan Group is set 1.2 km from Kyoto Shigaku Kaikan Conference Hall, 1.5 km from Nijo Castle and 2.1 km from...\nWell set in the centre of Kyoto, hotel anddoggy Kyoto Nijo provides continental breakfast and free WiFi throughout the property. This 3-star hotel has air-conditioned rooms with a private bathroom.\nAttractively set in the Nakagyo Ward district of Kyoto, KOKO HOTEL Residence Kyoto Nijo Castle is situated 1.3 km from Nijo Castle, 1.4 km from Kyoto Shigaku Kaikan Conference Hall and 2.4 km from...\nOffering air-conditioned rooms in the Nakagyo Ward district of Kyoto, Homm Stay Nagi Shijo Kyoto By Banyan Group is 1.4 km from Kyoto International Manga Museum.\nLocated in the Shimogyo Ward district in Kyoto, Tabist GROOVE KYOTO OKOSHIYASU offers 3-star rooms with free WiFi.\nSituated conveniently in Kyoto, THE BLOSSOM KYOTO offers air-conditioned rooms, a fitness centre, free WiFi and a restaurant. This 4-star hotel offers a bar.\nWell set in the Shimogyo Ward district of Kyoto, Saju Kyoto 茶住 京都 is located 600 metres from Kyoto Shigaku Kaikan Conference Hall, 1.6 km from Kyoto International Manga Museum and 1.9 km from Samurai...\nIdeally set in Kyoto, Richmond Hotel Premier Kyoto Shijo features air-conditioned rooms, a garden, free WiFi and a restaurant.\nWell situated in Kyoto, KABIN Taka offers air-conditioned rooms, a fitness centre, free WiFi and a garden. This 4-star hotel offers luggage storage space.\nAttractively situated in the Shimogyo Ward district of Kyoto, Hotel Traveltine Kyoto Kiyamachi is situated 1.1 km from Kyoto Shigaku Kaikan Conference Hall, 1.7 km from Samurai Kembu Kyoto and 1.7 km...\nAttractively set in the Nakagyo Ward district of Kyoto, insomnia KYOTO OIKE is situated 1.2 km from Kyoto Shigaku Kaikan Conference Hall, 1.5 km from Nijo Castle and 1.8 km from Samurai Kembu Kyoto.\nConveniently situated in the centre of Kyoto, KABIN Kyoto provides air-conditioned rooms, a terrace, free WiFi and a restaurant. This 4-star hotel offers a bar.\nLocated in Kyoto, less than 1 km from Gion Shijo Station, Gion Elite Terrace provides accommodation with a shared lounge, private parking, a terrace and a restaurant.\nAttractively situated in the Higashiyama Ward district of Kyoto, Rinn Gion Shirakawa is set 600 metres from Samurai Kembu Kyoto, 1.2 km from Shoren-in Temple and 1.9 km from Kyoto International Manga...\nSituated conveniently in the centre of Kyoto, Hotel Forza Kyoto Shijo Kawaramachi offers buffet breakfast and free WiFi throughout the property.\nAttractively located in the Shimogyo Ward district of Kyoto, The Royal Park Hotel Kyoto Umekoji is situated 1.6 km from TKP Garden City Kyoto, 2.7 km from Sanjusangen-do Temple and 2.8 km from Kyoto...\nAttractively set in the centre of Kyoto, Hotel Vischio Kyoto by GRANVIA features air-conditioned rooms, a fitness centre, free WiFi and a shared lounge.\nList your property\nBooking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services.\nWe have more than 70 million property reviews, all from real, verified guests.\n1\nThe only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property.\n2\nWhen guests stay at the property, they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff is, and more.\n3\nAfter their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site.\nIf you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first.\nCheck-in date\nCheck-out date\nSign in and save 10% or more on members-only deals!\n\n\nLISTS:\nStays\nFlights\nFlight + Hotel\nCar rentals\nAttractions\nAirport taxis\nCalendar\nI'm flexible\nExact dates\n1 day\n2 days\n3 days\n7 days\nHome\nHotels\nAll cheap hotels\nJapan\nKyoto\nKyoto\nThe Royal Park Hotel Kyoto UmekojiCheap hotel in KyotoPopular with guests booking cheap hotels in KyotoReview score9.0 Wonderful · 2,814 reviews\nTravelodge Kyoto Shijo KawaramachiCheap hotel in KyotoPopular with guests booking cheap hotels in KyotoReview score8.1 Very Good · 3,192 reviews\nAPA Hotel Kyoto Eki HorikawadoriCheap hotel in KyotoPopular with guests booking cheap hotels in KyotoReview score8.1 Very Good · 3,279 reviews\nWise Owl Hostels KyotoCheap hotel in KyotoPopular with guests booking cheap hotels in KyotoReview score8.5 Very Good · 4,524 reviews\nPiece Hostel SanjoCheap hotel in KyotoPopular with guests booking cheap hotels in KyotoReview score9.0 Wonderful · 5,826 reviews\nGlansit Kyoto KawaramachiCheap hotel in KyotoPopular with guests booking cheap hotels in KyotoReview score8.7 Excellent · 910 reviews\nKyomachiya Ryokan Sakura UrushiteiCheap hotel in KyotoPopular with guests booking cheap hotels in KyotoReview score8.9 Excellent · 3,565 reviews\nAgora Kyoto KarasumaCheap hotel in KyotoPopular with guests booking cheap hotels in KyotoReview score8.5 Very Good · 5,428 reviews\nKyoto Plaza Hotel Kintetsu JujoCheap hotel in KyotoPopular with guests booking cheap hotels in KyotoReview score8.0 Very Good · 1,211 reviews\nTHE POCKET HOTEL Kyoto Karasuma GojoCheap hotel in KyotoPopular with guests booking cheap hotels in KyotoReview score8.7 Excellent · 3,227 reviews\nDusit Thani KyotoKyotoBreakfast optionsReview score9.3 Wonderful · 1,161 reviewsConveniently set in Kyoto, Dusit Thani Kyoto provides air-conditioned rooms, a fitness centre, free WiFi and a garden.From ₹ 83,665.18 per night\nASAI Kyoto ShijoKyotoBreakfast optionsReview score9.0 Wonderful · 2,283 reviewsWell situated in Kyoto, ASAI Kyoto Shijo offers air-conditioned rooms, a restaurant, free WiFi and a bar.From ₹ 24,250.78 per night\nTHE GENERAL KYOTO Shijou ShinmachiKyotoBreakfast optionsReview score9.3 Wonderful · 1,748 reviewsAttractively situated in Kyoto, THE GENERAL KYOTO Shijou Shinmachi features an American breakfast and free WiFi throughout the property. This 4-star hotel offers room service and a 24-hour front desk.From ₹ 21,397.95 per night\nALA HOTEL KYOTOKyotoBreakfast optionsReview score9.1 Wonderful · 1,699 reviewsIdeally situated in the centre of Kyoto, ALA HOTEL KYOTO features air-conditioned rooms, a fitness centre, free WiFi and a restaurant.From ₹ 24,660.21 per night\nKyoto Umekoji KadenshoKyotoBreakfast optionsReview score9.2 Wonderful · 1,065 reviewsIn a prime location in the centre of Kyoto, Kyoto Umekoji Kadensho is within 1.7 km of Kyoto Station and 1.8 km of TKP Garden City Kyoto.From ₹ 57,607.48 per night\nKAYA Kyoto Nijo Castle, BW Signature Collection by Best WesternKyotoBreakfast optionsReview score9.1 Wonderful · 1,082 reviewsFeaturing a fitness centre, a restaurant as well as a bar, KAYA Kyoto Nijo Castle, BW Signature Collection by Best Western is located in the centre of Kyoto, 700 metres from Nijo Castle.From ₹ 34,357.65 per night\nNOHGA HOTEL KIYOMIZU KYOTOKyotoBreakfast optionsReview score9.3 Wonderful · 2,964 reviewsIn a prime location in the Higashiyama Ward district of Kyoto, NOHGA HOTEL KIYOMIZU KYOTO is located 1.1 km from Kiyomizu-dera Temple, 1.1 km from Sanjusangen-do Temple and 1.3 km from Gion Shijo...From ₹ 40,198.46 per night\nThe Royal Park Hotel Iconic KyotoKyotoBreakfast optionsReview score9.2 Wonderful · 1,686 reviewsAttractively situated in the centre of Kyoto, The Royal Park Hotel Iconic Kyoto features air-conditioned rooms, a shared lounge, free WiFi and a restaurant. This 5-star hotel offers a bar.From ₹ 56,690.13 per night\nKyoto - Hotel - Vacation STAY 84499KyotoCentral locationReview score10.0 Exceptional · 1 reviewLocated in Kyoto, within 1.4 km of Kyoto Shigaku Kaikan Conference Hall and 1.6 km of Kyoto International Manga Museum, Kyoto - Hotel - Vacation STAY 84499 provides accommodation with free WiFi...\nDesign Hotel Kyoto Fuyacho - Vacation STAY 65938vKyotoCentral locationReview score10.0 Exceptional · 1 reviewSituated in the centre of Kyoto, less than 1 km from Gion Shijo Station, Design Hotel Kyoto Fuyacho - Vacation STAY 65938v features air-conditioned rooms and free WiFi.\nnol kyoto sanjo - Vacation STAY 97692vKyotoCentral locationReview score10.0 Exceptional · 1 reviewLocated in the centre of Kyoto, 600 metres from Kyoto International Manga Museum, nol kyoto sanjo - Vacation STAY 97692v provides air-conditioned rooms and free WiFi.\nGion Shirakawa - Vacation STAY 24771vKyotoCentral locationReview score10.0 Exceptional · 1 reviewLocated within 500 metres of Samurai Kembu Kyoto and 500 metres of Shoren-in Temple, Gion Shirakawa - Vacation STAY 24771v provides rooms with air conditioning and a private bathroom in Kyoto.\ntamao-たま靑-KyotoCentral locationReview score9.8 Exceptional · 64 reviewsLocated in Kyoto, 600 metres from Kyoto Shigaku Kaikan Conference Hall, tamao-たま靑- provides accommodation with a fitness centre, private parking, a garden and a shared lounge.Guest reviewBeautiful design and everyone was so nice and helpful.\nMIMARU SUITES KYOTO CENTRALKyotoCentral locationReview score9.7 Exceptional · 246 reviewsWell situated in the Nakagyo Ward district of Kyoto, MIMARU SUITES Kyoto Central is set 1.5 km from Nijo Castle, 1.2 km from Kyoto Shigaku Kaikan Conference Hall and 1.8 km from Samurai Kembu Kyoto.From ₹ 117,245.50 per night\nHotel Toin KyotoKyotoCentral locationReview score9.7 Exceptional · 36 reviewsSituated conveniently in the centre of Kyoto, Hotel Toin Kyoto offers Asian breakfast and free WiFi throughout the property. This 3-star hotel offers luggage storage space.Guest reviewI stayed with my friend and a dog.\nEverything was perfect.\nThere is a large enough room and bathroom, breakfast, facilities for a dog, including meals, and a dog troller. \nQuiet, comfortable bed and all staffs are so kind. \nI appreciate the hospitality.\nMiru Kyoto GionKyotoCentral locationReview score9.7 Exceptional · 290 reviewsFeaturing free WiFi throughout the property, Miru Kyoto Gion is located in Kyoto, 300 metres from Gion Shijo Station and 1.2 km from Shoren-in Temple.\nHotel Chourakukan Kyoto Gion 長楽館 京都KyotoCentral locationReview score9.7 Exceptional · 40 reviewsSituated in Kyoto, less than 1 km from Gion Shijo Station, Hotel Chourakukan Kyoto Gion 長楽館 京都 features accommodation with a shared lounge, private parking, a restaurant and a bar.Guest reviewAll the staff are amazingly friendly, genuine smiles, very attentive to details. Thank you very much Mizuki Osawa for all your help during our stay! The location is situated next to the weeping Sakura.\nGenji Kyoto, a Member of Design HotelsKyotoCentral locationReview score9.6 Exceptional · 268 reviewsGenji Kyoto, a Member of Design Hotels features free bikes, garden, a shared lounge and terrace in Kyoto.From ₹ 74,138.09 per night\nKyoto Kiyomizu Machiya NAGOMIKyotoCentral locationReview score9.6 Exceptional · 25 reviewsSet in Kyoto, within less than 1 km of Kiyomizu-dera Temple and a 15-minute walk of Gion Shijo Station, Kyoto Kiyomizu Machiya NAGOMI offers a terrace.Guest reviewExcellent layout and as close to a traditional Kyoto “Machiya” experience you can get at this price point.\n\nTub with garden view was very relaxing, as was the miniature garden!\nHOTEL VMG RESORT KYOTOKyotoCentral locationReview score9.6 Exceptional · 19 reviewsConveniently situated in the Higashiyama Ward district of Kyoto, HOTEL VMG RESORT KYOTO is set 1 km from Kiyomizu-dera Temple, 1.4 km from Samurai Kembu Kyoto and less than 1 km from Shoren-in Temple.Guest reviewConvenient location and super friendly stuff- kudos to the frontdesk lady who speaks perfect English and the gentleman and lady who helped with luggage on the day we checked outFrom ₹ 100,467.51 per night\nMIMARU SUITES Kyoto ShijoKyotoCentral locationReview score9.5 Exceptional · 813 reviewsLocated in the Shimogyo Ward district in Kyoto, MIMARU SUITES Kyoto Shijo offers 4-star rooms with free WiFi.From ₹ 140,694.59 per night\nHotel Gion IchirinKyotoCentral locationReview score9.5 Exceptional · 234 reviewsSet in Kyoto and within 800 metres of Gion Shijo Station, Hotel Gion Ichirin has a shared lounge, non-smoking rooms, and free WiFi throughout the property.From ₹ 30,921.89 per night\nスイートステイ京都 Suite Stay KyotoKyotoCentral locationReview score9.5 Exceptional · 2 reviewsIdeally set in the Higashiyama Ward district of Kyoto, スイートステイ京都 Suite Stay Kyoto is situated 1 km from Samurai Kembu Kyoto, 1.2 km from Heian Shrine and 1.4 km from Eikan-do Zenrin-ji Temple.\nTabist kiki HOTEL KYOTO Gojo KarasumaKyotoCentral locationReview score9.4 Wonderful · 338 reviewsSituated in the Shimogyo Ward district in Kyoto, Tabist kiki HOTEL KYOTO Gojo Karasuma offers 3-star rooms with free WiFi.From ₹ 17,047.12 per night\nHIDEOUTKyotoCentral locationReview score9.4 Wonderful · 165 reviewsLocated in Kyoto and with TKP Garden City Kyoto reachable within 500 metres, HIDEOUT provides concierge services, non-smoking rooms, a shared lounge, free WiFi throughout the property and a bar.From ₹ 53,666.66 per night\nTHE GENERAL KYOTO Bukkouji ShinmachiKyotoCentral locationReview score9.3 Wonderful · 970 reviewsAttractively set in Kyoto, THE GENERAL KYOTO Bukkouji Shinmachi features air-conditioned rooms, a shared lounge and free WiFi. This 4-star hotel offers a 24-hour front desk and a concierge service.From ₹ 48,020.55 per night\nMIMARU Kyoto Nijo CastleKyotoCentral locationReview score9.3 Wonderful · 729 reviewsSet in Kyoto within 1.3 km of Kyoto Shigaku Kaikan Conference Hall and 1.4 km of Nijo Castle, MIMARU Kyoto Nijo Castle offers rooms with free WiFi.From ₹ 53,082.58 per night\nHomm Stay Nagi Sanjo Kyoto By Banyan GroupKyotoCentral locationReview score9.3 Wonderful · 548 reviewsSituated conveniently in the Nakagyo Ward district of Kyoto, Homm Stay Nagi Sanjo Kyoto By Banyan Group is set 1.2 km from Kyoto Shigaku Kaikan Conference Hall, 1.5 km from Nijo Castle and 2.1 km from...From ₹ 32,989.07 per night\nhotel anddoggy Kyoto NijoKyotoCentral locationReview score9.3 Wonderful · 96 reviewsWell set in the centre of Kyoto, hotel anddoggy Kyoto Nijo provides continental breakfast and free WiFi throughout the property. This 3-star hotel has air-conditioned rooms with a private bathroom.Guest reviewAmazing place. It’s a hotel design to bring your pet , but we went wouldn’t one. It’s was one of the best hotels we stayed in Japan. Loved itFrom ₹ 12,826.86 per night\nKOKO HOTEL Residence Kyoto Nijo CastleKyotoCentral locationReview score9.3 Wonderful · 215 reviewsAttractively set in the Nakagyo Ward district of Kyoto, KOKO HOTEL Residence Kyoto Nijo Castle is situated 1.3 km from Nijo Castle, 1.4 km from Kyoto Shigaku Kaikan Conference Hall and 2.4 km from...Guest reviewThe hotel was perfect! Room was jut right for the three of us, very clean and spacious. Location was great, walking distance to many places as well as the train station and the coffee shop just next door was awesome!From ₹ 86,924.87 per night\nHomm Stay Nagi Shijo Kyoto By Banyan GroupKyotoCentral locationReview score9.2 Wonderful · 538 reviewsOffering air-conditioned rooms in the Nakagyo Ward district of Kyoto, Homm Stay Nagi Shijo Kyoto By Banyan Group is 1.4 km from Kyoto International Manga Museum.From ₹ 41,807.54 per night\nTabist GROOVE KYOTO OKOSHIYASUKyotoCentral locationReview score9.2 Wonderful · 220 reviewsLocated in the Shimogyo Ward district in Kyoto, Tabist GROOVE KYOTO OKOSHIYASU offers 3-star rooms with free WiFi.From ₹ 20,099.23 per night\nTHE BLOSSOM KYOTOKyotoCentral locationReview score9.2 Wonderful · 2,881 reviewsSituated conveniently in Kyoto, THE BLOSSOM KYOTO offers air-conditioned rooms, a fitness centre, free WiFi and a restaurant. This 4-star hotel offers a bar.From ₹ 42,325.19 per night\nSaju Kyoto 茶住 京都KyotoCentral locationReview score9.2 Wonderful · 384 reviewsWell set in the Shimogyo Ward district of Kyoto, Saju Kyoto 茶住 京都 is located 600 metres from Kyoto Shigaku Kaikan Conference Hall, 1.6 km from Kyoto International Manga Museum and 1.9 km from Samurai...From ₹ 29,919.79 per night\nRichmond Hotel Premier Kyoto ShijoKyotoCentral locationReview score9.1 Wonderful · 855 reviewsIdeally set in Kyoto, Richmond Hotel Premier Kyoto Shijo features air-conditioned rooms, a garden, free WiFi and a restaurant.From ₹ 51,364.69 per night\nKABIN TakaKyotoCentral locationReview score9.1 Wonderful · 1,599 reviewsWell situated in Kyoto, KABIN Taka offers air-conditioned rooms, a fitness centre, free WiFi and a garden. This 4-star hotel offers luggage storage space.From ₹ 42,473.50 per night\nHotel Traveltine Kyoto KiyamachiKyotoFree WifiReview score9.2 Wonderful · 1,062 reviewsAttractively situated in the Shimogyo Ward district of Kyoto, Hotel Traveltine Kyoto Kiyamachi is situated 1.1 km from Kyoto Shigaku Kaikan Conference Hall, 1.7 km from Samurai Kembu Kyoto and 1.7 km...From ₹ 36,811.94 per night\ninsomnia KYOTO OIKEKyotoFree WifiReview score9.3 Wonderful · 1,643 reviewsAttractively set in the Nakagyo Ward district of Kyoto, insomnia KYOTO OIKE is situated 1.2 km from Kyoto Shigaku Kaikan Conference Hall, 1.5 km from Nijo Castle and 1.8 km from Samurai Kembu Kyoto.From ₹ 19,496.82 per night\nKABIN KyotoKyotoFree WifiReview score9.1 Wonderful · 1,432 reviewsConveniently situated in the centre of Kyoto, KABIN Kyoto provides air-conditioned rooms, a terrace, free WiFi and a restaurant. This 4-star hotel offers a bar.From ₹ 43,630.21 per night\nGion Elite TerraceKyotoFree WifiReview score9.2 Wonderful · 1,251 reviewsLocated in Kyoto, less than 1 km from Gion Shijo Station, Gion Elite Terrace provides accommodation with a shared lounge, private parking, a terrace and a restaurant.From ₹ 71,578.45 per night\nRinn Gion ShirakawaKyotoFree WifiReview score9.1 Wonderful · 1,425 reviewsAttractively situated in the Higashiyama Ward district of Kyoto, Rinn Gion Shirakawa is set 600 metres from Samurai Kembu Kyoto, 1.2 km from Shoren-in Temple and 1.9 km from Kyoto International Manga...From ₹ 30,921.89 per night\nHotel Forza Kyoto Shijo KawaramachiKyotoFree WifiReview score9.0 Wonderful · 3,322 reviewsSituated conveniently in the centre of Kyoto, Hotel Forza Kyoto Shijo Kawaramachi offers buffet breakfast and free WiFi throughout the property.From ₹ 22,790.58 per night\nThe Royal Park Hotel Kyoto UmekojiKyotoFree WifiReview score9.0 Wonderful · 2,814 reviewsAttractively located in the Shimogyo Ward district of Kyoto, The Royal Park Hotel Kyoto Umekoji is situated 1.6 km from TKP Garden City Kyoto, 2.7 km from Sanjusangen-do Temple and 2.8 km from Kyoto...From ₹ 23,019.63 per night\nHotel Vischio Kyoto by GRANVIAKyotoFree WifiReview score9.1 Wonderful · 4,105 reviewsAttractively set in the centre of Kyoto, Hotel Vischio Kyoto by GRANVIA features air-conditioned rooms, a fitness centre, free WiFi and a shared lounge.From ₹ 34,873.02 per night\nJP INN Kyotoeki Kita GakurinchoCheap hotel in KyotoAvg. price/night: ₹ 15,632.73Review score8.4 Very Good · 1,038 reviewsThis was a great place to stay in Kyoto, the amenities were amazing, there was free laundry, hairdryers, towels and a hairbrush! The rooms were very clean and the beds comfy! The staff were very friendly and the location was great - only about a 15 minute walk from Kyoto Station. For the price paid, this place is a great deal.JGuest review byJessicaTravelers with friends\nTUNE STAY KYOTOCheap hotel in KyotoAvg. price/night: ₹ 18,455.79Review score8.9 Excellent · 5,142 reviewsEverything was perfect:\nFriendly and helpful staff\nVery clean\nConfortable room\nAffordable rates\nConvenient locationGuest review byDavidSolo traveler\nKyoto HigashiyamasoCheap hotel in KyotoReview score9.2 Wonderful · 452 reviewsKyoto Higashiyamaso created an excellent authentic Japanese stay. The staff were amazing and made our stay. They were so friendly and helpful.Their service was impeccable and they went above and beyond for us, flagging down taxis, giving us the best information about Kyoto etc. The room was very clean, spotless and the futon beds were very comfortable. Our room had a great view. It was in a great location and very close to the bus stop. We would definitely stay here again.LGuest review byLangfordTravelers with friends\nB&B Unagi InnCheap hotel in KyotoReview score8.3 Very Good · 618 reviewsThe place is very clean. Rooms are big and the beds are comfortable.\nThe location is not great, but there are several convenience stores around and the Shijo main street is within walking distance. A coin laundry is located next door, but there is a cheaper one just around the corner.\nThere are a microwave and some kitchen tools in the lobby.Guest review byAssafSolo traveler\nShizutetsu Hotel Prezio Kyoto ShijoCheap hotel in KyotoAvg. price/night: ₹ 21,759.85Review score9.0 Wonderful · 951 reviewsThe size and comfort of my room felt like luxury to me after spending a week in a cheaper hotel beforehand. Everything was very clean, and the staff were helpful. Breakfast was nothing special, but had good variety. The location is decent too.Guest review byHassanSolo traveler\nMIMARU Kyoto Kawaramachi GojoCheap hotel in KyotoAvg. price/night: ₹ 50,133.54Review score9.3 Wonderful · 867 reviewsThis hotel was a great value. It was very clean! The staff was very helpful and the room was spotless! It was very comfortable! The location was central. I will stay here again! They had 7 washers and dryers available for guests. It was perfect!Guest review byKellyFamily with young children\nJP INN Kyoto Ekimae MongakuchoCheap hotel in KyotoAvg. price/night: ₹ 18,238.19Review score8.5 Very Good · 986 reviewsThe location is ideal, with convenience stores nearby and close proximity to the subway station. The price is affordable, and the customer service is friendly. The room amenities, such as the small refrigerator and washing machine, are convenient. The environment is clean, and towels and toothbrushes are provided at the front desk for self-service. Overall, the stay experience is very satisfactory.Guest review byKimFamily with young children\nTUNE STAY KYOTOCheap hotel in KyotoAvg. price/night: ₹ 18,455.79Review score8.9 Excellent · 5,142 reviewsWe spent few days at Tune Stay and we loved the common areas of the place, particularly the kitchen/dining area. It is ideal to be able to eat in or cook something and relax after a whole day walking around. Good location and spotless clean friendly, English speaking staffGuest review byBenedettaYoung couple\nRAK KIYOMIZU - 1人旅専用hostelCheap hotel in KyotoReview score8.2 Very Good · 772 reviewsOnce you are checked in you can do as you please, if you want to be in all day or out it is up to you. It has a great location close to all the main attractions so you can be there early to beat the crowds, even before the transportation starts working as you can go by foot. It was very clean and the staff were really nice. Plus the bonus is that you get the WHOLE ROOM to yourself for cheaper than a capsule hotel. \nWhen I return to Japan I will most definitely book this stay again.Guest review byNezkaSolo traveler\nM's Hotel Kyoto Station TaruyaCheap hotel in KyotoAvg. price/night: ₹ 18,896.71Review score7.7 Good · 1,934 reviewsSpacious comfortable room. Quiet location. Spotlessly clean like all the accommodations we stayed in in Japan. A budget option and it certainly met my expectations.TGuest review byTimothyYoung couple\nMobile version\nYour account\nMake changes online to your booking\nCustomer Service Help\nBecome an affiliate\n\n\ndocument.querySelector('.footer_become_affiliate').addEventListener('blur', function() {\nwindow.BUI.getInstance(this, 'Tooltip').hide();\n})\nBooking.com for Business\nCountries\nRegions\nCities\nDistricts\nAirports\nHotels\nPlaces of interest\nHomes\nApartments\nResorts\nVillas\nHostels\nB&Bs\nGuest Houses\nUnique places to stay\nReviews\nDiscover monthly stays\nTravel articles\nSeasonal and holiday deals\nTraveller Review Awards\nCar rental\nFlight finder\nRestaurant reservations\nBooking.com for Travel Agents\nCoronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs\nAbout Booking.com\nCustomer Service Help\nPartner help\nCareers\nSustainability\nPress Center\nSafety Resource Center\nInvestor relations\nTerms & Conditions\nPartner dispute\nHow We Work\nPrivacy & cookie statement\nModern Slavery Statement\nHuman Rights Statement\nCorporate contact\nContent guidelines and reporting\n1\n\n\n\nIt starts with a booking\nIt starts with a booking\nThe only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property.\n2\n\n\n\nFollowed by a trip\nFollowed by a trip\nWhen guests stay at the property, they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff is, and more.\n3\n\n\n\nAnd finally, a review\nAnd finally, a review\nAfter their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site.\n",
    "completedAt": 1743055775797
  },
  "feedback": "The step execution provided detailed information on budget accommodation options in Kyoto, including specific hotels, their ratings, and amenities. The data extracted from TripAdvisor, Expedia, and Booking.com is specific and actionable, offering a range of accommodation options that fit the budget and are conveniently located for exploring Kyoto. However, the information for Nara and Tokyo was not included, which is necessary to complete this step fully."
}
```

